THE DISTRESS IN JAMAICA AMONGST THE COLOURED RACES. The following letter appeared in the Times of July4tn:- Sir.-The most reoent and reliable information from Jamaica leaves no doubt in the minds of the well- wishers to the colony that, as far as regards the negro and coloured population, a state of hoplessncsa and distress prevails. This is not to be wondered at when the sad and suffering condition of these poor people is borne in mind. From the report of
BRUTAL MURDER IN STAFFORDSHIRE. Early on the morning of Thursday, a. young man, named Thomas Smith, son of a. gentleman farmer, re- siding on his own estate, at Whiston Eaves, two miles from Oakmoor, and four miles from Cheadle, Stafford- shire, was brutally murdered within a few hundred yards of his father's house. The perpetrator of the crime was William Collier, the occupier of a small neighbouring ;farm. The deceased had for some time suspected Collier of poaching on his
FALLING IN OF THE ROOF OF A WORK- SHOP. Five Men Buried and Injured. The inhabitants in the neighbourhood of Weaton- street, Bermondsey, were alarmed by a sudden report on Tuesday morning, representing an explosion, fol- lowed by a heavy fall and noisy clattering of material. The occurrence took place shortJyafter ten o'clock. It was speedily ascertained that the roof of a work- shop had fallen in on the promises of Mr. Carey, the wood pavior in Camperdown-place, where about
TWO YOUNG BEGINNERS IN CRIME. I William Noakes, a respectable-looking youn^ man, aged 18, who was charged at the Maifylebone Police- cour, with his brother (not in custody), with stealing and receiving £ 278 in gold and notes, and cheques for .£20, was brought up at the Middlesex Sessions, on Tuesday. The facts are fresh in the recollection of the public. Information was given to Mr. Inspector Steer, of the X division, that a large amount of property ha.d been
HOOTINGS FROM THE OWL. j Their Royal Highnesses the Princess Helena and ] Prince Christian will pass several days of their honey- moon at the Embassy at Paris. Lady Cowley will leave town shortly to maka the necessary arrange- ments for their reception. Earl Spencer has resigned his appointment as Groom of the Stole to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. We understand that Sir Sydney Colpoys Daores, K.C.B., Hear-Admiral George Seymour, C. B., Sir John D. Hay, and
Mr. J. G. Bateson, a gentleman holding a high position in the Liverpool Cotton market, cut his throat while shaving, at his residence at Wallasey. No cause can be assigned for this s&d event.
MR. GLADSTONE AND THE WORKING MEN OF LONDON. A general meeting of the London Working Men's Association was held on Tuesday evening in the hall of the Brougham Dining Company, Fleet-street, Mr. George Potter in the chair, for the purpose of re- ceiving the reply from Mr. Gladstone to the invitation from the association to attend a public meeting of the working men of London, and to decide as to the hold- ing of an open air meeting in the
A YOUNG LADY'S LARKS. Under Perisian on dits in the Court Journal is the following:- A marriage of a young avocat and a young lady of considerable attractions, including that of fortune, has just taken place, and is said to .have originated in a singular fashion. The young lady, fresh from boarding- school, is said to have occupied herself by mystifying the persons who went along the somewhat secluded street of Paris by means of letters flung upon the pavement,
Death by Lightning. An extraordinary in- stance of death by lightning occurred at Slinfold, in Sussex, on Friday evening. Mr. E. Holden, a farmer, residing in that neighbourhood, was walking in his fields when a violent thunderstorm, accompanied by heavy rain, commenced. He proceeded to a kind of shed, or outbuilding, doubtless thinking that it would affor'd him safe Bhelter, but it appears that he had not been there many minutes before the lightning struck his place of refuge, crushing
THE JAMAICA COMMITTEE. A special meeting of this committee was held on Monday evening at Ridley's Hotel; Mr. P. A. Taylor, M.P., in the chair. Amongst those present were Sir T. F Buxton, M P., Mr. Bright, M.P., Mr. John Stuart Mill, M.P., Mr. Charles Buxton, M.P., Mr. J. Burke, solicitor of Kingston, Jamaica, Mr. W. Shaen, Professor Goldwin Smith, Mr. Ludlow, Mr. Frederick Harrison, and Mr. M'Arthur. The Chairman exDlaineu that it had become neces- sary to call the
THE RAILWAY AND THE LONDON CHURCHYARDS. On Tuesday afternoon the Bishop of London conse- crated a piece of ground which adjoins the two burial ^rounds of St. Giles and St. Pancras. The ceremony had a peculiar interest not only for inhabitants of the district, but for the whole population of a country in which railways are extending so rapidly as to threaten a general displacement. For several weeks past the desecration of graves in the two abutting cemeteries above named
AGRICULTURE. I THE agricultural show this year will be held at York, and the proceedings were commenoed on Thursday and Friday (although the general show is not until next month) in the trial of grass-mowing machinery. The visitors were few and quite of the agricultural class. The judges were Mr. John Coleman, of Eacrit, York, Mr. Caldwell, Wilts, and Mr. Kay, of Darlington, and these gentlemen had considerable work to fully master the peculiarities and merits of the various machines.
HINTS UPON GAHDBmNQ. Many of the hardier kinds of greenhouse plants may now be set out of doors. It is a mistake, however, to place them in too shady a situation; but it is essential that the pots be protected from the sun. They should be plunged in beds of sifted coal-ashes take care also to place them far enough apart to ensure a free circu- lation of air amongst the plants. FLOWER GARDEN AND PLANT HOUSES.-Close and frequent inspection
Laudanum and. Alcohol.-An inquest was held ill Broad-street, Bloomsbnry, the other day, on the body of Elizabeth Dixey, 50 years of age. Deceased died at her lodgings, from the effects-of laudanum, which with alcoholic drinks she was in the habit of taking, as she said, to drown her sorrow for the deser- tion of her husband, and his cohabitation with another woman. The immediate cause of death was pal. monary apoplexy, and tha jury found a verdict to that effect.
SPORTS AND PASTIMES.. A HUNDEED AND NINETY-ONE miles in three hours forty-three minutes is not bad travelling. A case of emergency occurred last week when that distance was donef from King's-cross to York. The engine should henceforth be called Black Bess. A FOOLISH wager has been made at a wine-shop on the Quay d'Orsay, which has resulted in death. At a breakfast. where the conversation turned on the quantity of drink which a person could take, a brick- layer, named
THE DRAMATIC COLLEGE ANRVAL FETE AND FAIR. There are three excellent reasons why this now firmly-established festive anniversary at tach ennual recurrence increases in attraction, in pecuniary success, and in the numbers and enjoyment of its participants. In the first place, its object is most admirable; in the second, it serves as a famous holiday for the actora themselves, who enjoy it quite as much as the visitors and in the third, th- ments become more varied, the fun more
DROWNED IN A DRAIN. In the sad accident which occurred recently at Hastings, when Henry Winter, one of three men working in a drain, was swept away by the sudden influx of water from the storm, the others had an awfully narrow escape; and one of them, John Wilson, tells a sad story of the night's ad- venture. He says :-• "We had opened the drain just in front of the bank, and about eleven o'clock at night I went
EXTRAORDINARY ROBBERY BY A SERVANT GIRL. At the Derby Police-court, on Monday, a respectable- looking young woman, who gave the name of Norah Grice, was charged with stealing £ 19 18s. 4d. Inspector Fearne made the following extraordinary statement to the Bench:-He said that the prisoner lived as domestic servant at Mrs. Lloyd's, who keeps the Christian Knowledge Society's Depot, Friar-gate, and who also sold the articles made by the inmates of the Midland Institution for the Blind, at Nottingham.
EXECUTION OF TWENTY-ONE SER- GEANTS. AT MADRID. Shocking Scene. A Madrid letter in the Temps gives the subjoined that city* I eould have wished to write this letter in a cheer- fnl strain, but find it impossible. I remember that at a certain time military exeoutions were very frequent in Spain, and the Charivari used to sum up its news from that country by conjugating the verb fusilier. The tradition seems to be still respected, and the logic of revolution
THE NEW MINISTRY. (From Friday's Gazette.) At the Court at Windsor, the 6th day of July, 1866, present the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty in Council:- This day the Most Noble Richard Plantagenet Campbell Temple Nugent Brydges Chandos, Duke of Buckingham and Chandos; the Right Honourable Henry Howard Molyneux, Earl of Carnarvon; Robert Arthur Talbot Cecil, Esq. (commonly called Viscount Cranborne); Sir Stafford Henry Northoote, Bart.; and Gathorne Hardy, Esq., were, by her Majesty's command, sworn of her Majesty's Most Honourable
FACTS AID FACETIAE, -+-- Conjugal Conundrum.- Which is of greater value, pr'ythae say, The bride or bridegroom ? Must the truth be told F Alas it must. The bride is given away; The bridegroom's often regularly sold. A crusty old bachelor says that Adam's wife was called Eve because, when she appeared, man's day of happiness was drawing to a close. Jones, directing Brown's attention to the fla.shy equipage of a noted corn doctor, was answered by his friend that
THE COURT. -+-- ON Saturday afternoon, at 20 minutes to four o clock, her Majesty the Queen, with their Royal Highnesses Prince Leopold and Princesses Louise and Beatrice, left Windsor Castle for Osborne. The Royal suite included the Duchess of Roxburghe, Lieutenant-General the Hon. C. Grey, Colonel tue Hon. D. de Ros, &o. At -the Great Western terminus at Windsor a special train of Eeven carriages, furnished by the directors of the South-Western Railway Company, was placed in xeadinessa for
POLITICAL GOSSIP. AT Oateiid there were twenty millions of francs re- ceived from London in two days last week. The des- tination was Germany, and the object naturally to keep the war going. LORD RUSSELL, previously to retiring from office, recommended that a baronetcy should ba offered to Mr. Edward St. Aubyn, representative of the old and much-esteemed St. Aubyn family. We learn that Mr. St. Aubyn has acoepted the offer, and thus the baronetcy which formerly existed in the
THE ARTS, LITERATURE, &c. THE ceremony of inaugurating the new and beauti- ful fountain, whish has just been erected in Notting- ham by Mr. John Walter, formerly M.P. for the borough, in commemoration of his late father's connec- tion with Nottingham as its representative, took place last week. HIRAM POWER, the sculptor, is a Sweden borgian, and proposes to execute a statue of Swedenborg. In a. recently published letter he says, "I am a 'New Churchman,' a 'Swedenborgian,' a.'New Jeruaa-
OPINIONS OF THE PRESS. President Johnson's Message to Congress. seem?, like Uncle Toby, deter- mined to ride his hobby. In season or out of season, telegraphic Wo PMxairflnf1 n-(W' delegations, the one purpose of hia Presidental life is to keep his hobby in view of the ?* £ la 0n^ thing the world knows, it ia that Andrew Johnson haa certain opinions on reeon- struotion. He deals with that subject very much aa hard-headed do^ctora deal with medicine, and wooden-
OUR MISCELLANY. -+- An Eccentric Woman.-Mrs. Floyd, who had accompanied her husband to India, by her eccentrici- ties tormented the general, a man as precise and formal as she was wild and impulsive. Many curious scenes were the result of this contrast, when the grave martinet was .made the victim of her practical jokes. On one occasion she stood near him, with her baby in the nurse's arms, when, after an inspection, the troops were marching past. Shrieking as if
Dives and La.za.rus. I saw Bumble Dives, smooth, oily, and fat, In a glossy black coat, and a shiny black hat, With a belly well lined, and a fair double chm- AU so soft none had guessed at the hardnesa within. None had guessed that 'neath shirt-front BO fair and full-blown, In the place ot a heart B amble buttoned a stone: Till at Guardians' meetings the paupers felt floored To say which was the stone-yard and which was the
London Pastorals. No. 1. I thank thee, pretty cow, what gives The pretty milk on which I lives; Which it don: t make me werry plump, For that I thank thee, pretty pump! No. 2. Abroad in the parks for to see the young lambs, A-ekipping about by the side of their dams,* Their fleeces so clean and so white. Yes, walk through Hyde-park, and take long or short cuts, Through the Green, or the Regent's, and see how the
A REVERSE. When the defeated Austrian flies Across the Alpine ridge, Fd.ir Venice, with her Bridge o' Sighs, Will soon her sighs abridge. ON A RECENT AMENDMENT. Mrs. Gamp says bad 'abits once fell in To be shook off entirely declines Well, 'twas not the first time that Duiikelim Walked into the enemy's lines. BRIGHT AND WRONG. Tories are fools so Mill defines The Tories own he's right, For every one of them declines To be considered Bright. EPITAPH ON
A MESSAGE FROM THE SEA. On Sunday afternoon, a gentleman on Redcar Sands picked up a bottle floating on the breakers, and on opening it found that it contained a piece of paper written on both sides. The following is a copy of the documents. Lost aj hands on board, in the German Ocean Vvhoever folds this, forward it to Mrs. Sheparo, No, 4, t rederick-row, Walworth, London. No hopes. Tie ship is sinking in a storm. Can write na
Z - EVERY LITTLE HELPS. A Sketch of a Financial Crisis. r Amos Darnley paced to and fro in his narrow counting-house, with his head bent and hia hands clasped behind him. The clerks had gone the porter had been dismissed. Mr. Darnley having promised that he would himself see that the outer doors were locked, and thus the young merchant was alone in his warehouse. By-and-by he stopped before his private desk, and having turned up the gas, he
EPITOME OF NEWS. The other morning 135 hens, belonging to an old man named George Helm, who lives at Fulwood, near Preston, were found dead from poison. It is not known who committed the rascally act. The Duke of Bedford has given a donation of Y,1,000 towards the enlargement of the Devon County School, West Buokland. On Wednesday a boat containing two watermen was capsized opposite Halfway Reach by a puff of wind. One of the men was drowned. At
PARLIAMENTARY JOTTINGS. THE lengthened interval between the change of Ministers and the declaration of their policy has oeen still further protracted by the necessary re- election that the acceptance of office involves. It would be well if the country waited patiently to heap what the policy of the new Ministry is, rather than condemn them unheard. If they set aside Eeform altogether, or if they do not introduce progressive measures, then the people should peti- tion, hold meetings, and show
ON BOARD THE GREAT EASTERN. A correspondent of the Star writes :-Dllring the whole of Wednesday the ship was at sea. The weather was still squally and rough for any ship save the Great Eastern. She dipped a good deal at the bows, and now and then shipped a sea; but this was occa- sioned primarily by a greater weight of coal fore than aft, and did not cause the disappearance of a single person from the dinner table. This
GREAT BOAT-RACE AT NEWCASTLE- ON-TYNE BETWEEN KELLEY AND HAMILL. a The event which has so long engrossed the attention of aquatic men came off on Wednesday morning, and left no doubt as to which was the best man. The race was between Henry Kelley, champion of the Thames, and James Hamill, champion of America, for £ 500; and there were thousands assembled on the coaly Tyne and its banks to witness it, ineluding a great number of leading book-makers and
FENIAN PRISONERS. Fenians captured on the Lower Canada min in Montreal. Three of them aie of Hi A 1 fe<rrs » ^'ght of them are tinder 21. One fnr nnmo'fo1100 M'Donald, a Scotchman, has lived Fathnr aj? Water bury, Connecticut, and old1Kl'U £ influence to save this man from USB « his ap+=! Mr consequences of nib acts. Mr. M Gee has replied as follows There are few things you could ask ma tn vlvf-'i. t ,? not cheerfully do
THE GRAND NATIONAL BIFLE MEETING. The Camp at Wimbledon. Wimbledon Common is again the scene of a grand gathering of the clans," which has become a peculiar characteristic of the volunteer movement. The camp, at Wimbledon now presents the appearance, and has many of the peculiarities, of an encamped army. Indeed, its appearance and all that belongs to it is striking and novel. As many must be aware, the ground which it occupies is enclosed, and on Monday and the
OUR "CITY" ARTICLE. THERE was considerable excitement on the Stock Exchange on Saturday. The news that Prussia had rejected the proposal for an armistice, com- bined with doubts as to the possibility of a very speedy settlement of the great disputes which are now agitating Europe, produced a feeling of dis- appointment, under the influence of which a por- tion of the great rise attained during the former two days was lost. Except, however, in the case of certain securities
ENGAGEMENTS AT MUNCHENQRA TZ. < IThe following official report of the engagement at Miiachengratz has been received from the Prussian head-quarters: - Munchengiabz, June 28. 11 The task of the army to-day w&s to cross the line of the Iser and press forward in the direction of Mün. chengrätz-a task which was successfully effected, notwithstanding the excessive heat of the day, which rendered marching extremely toilsome. The Im- perialists tried to prevent the advance of the army, but were driven
TEETH WITHOUT SPRINGS. OSTEO EIDON: Patent, March 1st, 1862. No. 560. GABRIEL'S Self-adhesive PATENT Inde- VJ structible MINERAL TEETH and FLEXIBLE GUMS, supplied without palates, springs, or wires, and without operation, are indestructible, and warranted for mastication and articulation, even when all others fail. Purest materials only, at half the usual cost. "Perfection of art and mechanism." For purity and comfort unapproachable." &pGABR/ £ 7^ THE OLD ESTABLISHED* J 27, HARLEY STREET, CAVENDISH SQUARE, AND 34, LUDGATE
CAERLEON. FORESTERS' FETE AND PIC-NIC.-Among the many pic- nics that have been held this year (and their number has been legion) there has not been one more deserving of help and success than the one held in this town on Thurs- day last, the 8th inst., its object being the aid of the Widows' and Orphans' Fund of the Ancient Order of Foresters, court Caerleon Castle." This court has been open about two years, and consists of nearly forty mem-
Money Market. CITY, JULY 10.-The stock markets are firm to-day, and prices are again better in many cases. The funds, in which the monthly settlement is now in course of completion, have experienced a fresh advance ot £ per cent, botiiror money and the new account. Some the foreign securities have also improved, and banking and financial shares show a favourable tendency. The news from abroad is considered encouraging, while the weather is very favourable for the crops. The supply
BLAENAVON. DEATHS FROM FEVER.-The fever, which is very pre- valent in this locality j ust now, has caused a great mortality amongst children; a very distressing case is that of Mr. Jesse West, engine driver, and his wife, who, a few days ago, were blessed with three fine and apparently healthy children, but are now childless, having been deprived of them all during the past week by the dread malady. Great sympathy is felt in the neighbourhood for the bereaved
MONMOUTH. TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION with all parts of the kingdom is at length afforded to this town. The office of the United Kingdom Telegraph Company being now open at the Post Office. The wires were tested during the past week, messages having been sent to various places, and answers received in the short space of three minutes. (Other District Intelligence on Sth page).
The Corn Trade. lVIARK-LANE, JULY 9.--We had a small supply of Eng- lish Wheat at market this morning, but arrivals from abroad are liberal. The trade has been unsettled since the news of probable peace, and buyers hold off to see the effect on prices. In foreign Wheat little business was done.-The Flour trade was dull, and prices lower.-Peas and Beans were unchanged in value.-Barley was less inquired after, and prices were barely supported.-We have large arrivals of OdtF. CURRENT
T-OVVN TALK. BT OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT. Our readers wiU understand that we do not hold, owrsclves report' sible,for our able Correspondent's opinions. -+-- THERE is just a faint murmur of talk stirring now -amurmuf which will get stronger daily, in all probability, about the coming contest in America for the Presidential chair. It will soon become the chief topic, and naturally so for the issues hidden in that election are important enough to engross the attention of the whole of
Meat and Poultry Markets. NEWGATE AND LEADENHALL.-There are moderate supplies of meat, and the trade is slow. Per SIbs. by the carcase s. d. B. d s. d. to B. d. Inferior beef 3 4 to 3 8 Capons, each. 0 0 0 0 Middling ditto 3 10 4 4 I Chickens, each 19 2 6 Prime largo 4 6 4 8 1 Ducklings,each 2 6 3 6 Ditto small 4 10 50 Rabbits, each. 10 16 Large pork 4
OUTLINES OF THE WEEK. THE war in America appears to have given place in interest to the forthcoming Presidential elec- tion. But a very short time ago it was sup- posed that Abraham Lincoln would be almost unanimously re-elected; a different spirit ap- pears, however, to have taken possession of many people in the North American States. A peace cry has been raised, and M'Clellan, the once- renowned general, is set forward as a candidate. The Chicago Convention have taken
to tell a story of one clergyman, whom he had reproved for certain irregularities of conduct which ha.d been brought to his notice by his parishioners, and who had replied, "Your lordship, as a classical scholar, knows that lying goes by districts; the Cretans were liars, the Cappadocians were liars, and I can assure you that the inhabitants of -- are liars too." In- toxication was the most frequent charge against the clergy. One was so drunk while waiting for
Fruit and Vegetables. COVENT GARDEN.-Foreign imports continue heavy, and ot English produce there is also a good supply. Pine- apples, grapes, cherries, and strawberries are very plentiful; peaches are also becoming abundant. Peas are now arriving in excellent condition. Flowers chiefly consist of dentEi-is, orchids, heaths, calceolarias, pelargoniums, balsams, coeks- eombs, mignionette and roses. FRUIT. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d. Apples,p.hf-sieve 0 0 to 0 0 Peaches.per doz. 10 0 15 0 Grapes, per lb. 3 0
A DANISH POEM IN HONOUR OF THE PRINCESS OF WALES. The special correspondent of the Star thus trans- lates a pretty poetical effusion addressed to the Princess Alexandra, on her arrival in Denmark, by Hans Christian Andersen, a writer whose principal works are well known in England :- Amid a time of utter bitterness A ray of light over the darkness gleams; For thou, whom Denmark suckled at her breast, Sailest again into our native seas- To look upon your
London Produce Market. MINCING-LANE, JVLY 10.-SUGAR.-The market has opened quietly; the business done at present is limited, cbiefly comisting of British West India, at about last week's currency. Refined dried goods continue in active request at firm prices. COFFEE.-For plantation Ceylon there is an active demand. About 200 casks sold at full to rather dearer prices; also about 300 bags of native at 59s Gd, and GO casits at 58s. TEA.-The public sale3 are proceeding at about the cur- rency
EXAMINATION AND SURRENDER OF MULLER. The excitement in the Court-room at New York on the re-examination of Muller on the 27th ult. was intense. The prisoner, on entering, accompanied by his counsel, appeared totally indifferent to the charge against him. Amidst profound silence, Mr. Blankman said the questions arising in the case were intricate, and required careful attention, and asked for an ad- journment for a week, with the view of preparing his case. As a precedent he referred to
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS. AMERICA Capture of Fort Morgan. NEW YORK, AUG. 30. On Thursday the Confederates attacked Hancock at the south of Reames Station, on the Weldon Railroad. A severe engagement ensued, in which the Federals were forced to relinquish four miles of the railroad. Their loss is estimated at 2,000 men and nine guns, while that of the Confederates is said to be 5,000 men. Atlanta papers announce that Fort Morgan and the garrison, including General Palge, with all the
Marriage and Misery.-Mr. Henry Hollingsworth was summoned,. charsed him The SmpKiot eaid that the rfefondant tad fmmei.t'y m-u?ed her, and on the day m question, because some salmon was not cooked for the children s dmner-and +bat was the servant's neglect, and not hers-he struck her on the back, pulled her hair, and said he would murder her. She did not wish to do him amy harm. All that she wanted was that he should keep the children, give money
THE CATHOLIC CONGRESS AT MALINES. A letter from Malines of the 1st gives the following details respecting the third sitting of the Catholic Congress held on that day:-" The great event of this sitting was the speech of the Bishop of Orleans, who treated the question of popular education with more than his wonted eloquence, and held his 4,000 hearers captive for full three hours. He discussed the ques- tion in all its bearings, and adduced arguments to refute the
Beatf)ø. At Park Road, Pontypool, July 3, Mr. James Evan Pillinger, draper's assistant, aged 35 years. At Garndiffaith, Trerethin, July 3, Jenkm Rees, coal miner, aged 49 year# At Talywain, Trevethin, July 1, David Morris, miner, aged 84 years. piarrfages. At Trevethin Church, July 10, H. S. Gustard, Esq., solicitor, Usk, to Maria, eldest daughter of Edmund B. Edwards, Esq., solicitor, Pontypool.
SEVERAL DISTRESSING ACCIDENTS FROM THE COMMON LUCIFER MATCH. A very terrible accident occurred a week or two ago at Marseilles to a young br^de only eighteen years of age. She had only been married in the morning, and in the evening, with the high spirits befitting the occasion, she was tripping about with new friends at their country house, when her foot came in contact with a common lucifer match. Soon her muslin dress was in flames, and the unfortunate
Mysterious Death.-The body of a young man named John Fern, son of a horsebreaker living near Billesley Common, was found in the well in the middle of the Moseley tunnel, on the Midland line of railway, about midday on Saturday. The last time Fern was seen alive was on the Saturday night previous, when he was at a late hour drinking at the Bull's Head Inn, Moseley, with a eompanion named Weston. The two left the house together, and Weston
TO CORRESPONDENTS AND READERS. From "information received," ice find that the writer of the report of the Marriage Festivities at Clytha, which was promised in our last to be inserted in our present issue, has dealt considerably in the ideal and imaginary, and we therefore omit the report. We insert notices of Births, Marriages, and Deaths, FREE OF CHARGE (except marriages containing the words "No Cards," which are charged 2s. 6d. each), and should, therefore, be obliged if the friends
A BAMBLEB'S JOTTINGS. ♦- THE aristocracy are all out of town, and the pro- fessional and mercantile men are, for the most part, taking their holiday in the country. At least, if "Paterfamilias" cannot leave his business for the whole week, he has provided apartments for his family at the sea-side or in some rural district, and visits them occasionally, as opportunity offers. This is, therefore, the blank time of. the year in London. There is only one class of
ALARMING FIRE AT A PENITENTIARY. About twenty minutes to five o'clock on Friday morning information was conveyed to Oliver-street station that fire had broken out in The Home," otherwise called the Penitentiary, 52, Mason-street, Edge-hill, Liverpool. A reel was immediately dis- patched from that station, and information was sent to the other offices. An engine was at once forwarded from Hatton-garden station under the command of Superintendent Hewitt; the West of England engine, under the charge of Mr. Barrett, was
WE have now before us the details of the great battle fought a few days ago in Bohemia, and can appreciate the crushing nature of the defeat sus- tained by the Austrian forces. The whole strength of General Benedek had been employed in the position taken up near the fortress of Koniggratz, and for a time it appeared that he was about to make an effectual stand to resist the advance of the Prussians. For eight long hours the fight
THE GREAT FIRES ON TEE YORK- SRlBE WOLDS. It will be remembered that during last winter a succession of great incendiary fires took place on the Yorkshire Wolds, by which a vast amount of property was destroyed, and the whole district placed in a state of the utmost alarm. Since the commencement of harvest, certain suspiciously regarded fires have this year taken place, and it is the opinion of the police that the end of the stack-burning mania has not
DISTRICT INTELLIGENCE. THE IRON, COAL, AND GENERAL TRADES OF SOUTH WALES. The extraordinary turn of affairs on the Continent has brought about a pause in the iron trade, and it is already evident that a check has been given to the downward tendency of the market. A week ago the future was by no means encouraging, and the general belief prevailed that the war would be a protracted one. Orders from the European markets were being gradually reduced, and even
Sale of the Great Bed of Ware.-The great bed of Ware was, sold by auction by Mr. E. Jackson, at the Saracen's Head Inn, Ware, on Tuesday. The sale took place in the large, aSsembly room in the inn- yard, which was densely thronged. There was, how- ever, no competition. Mr. H. Willmott, of the Rail- way Tavern, Hertford, made a bid of 100 guineas, and that was the only one, if we except a merely nominal I bid nf
THE COLLIERS' STRIKE IN SOUTH STAFFORDSHIRE. Though the questions at issue between the colliers and their masters were fully discussed at the confe- rence of delegates appointed by the men and the masters, held on Saturday week, at the Star Hotel, Brieriey-hill, there is as yet no appearance of the strike coming to a termination. During the-past week the breach seems to have been, if anything, widened, and each party appears more than ever determined not to give way to
USE. CIRcus.-On Saturday last Ginnett's circus visited this town, and after parading the streets in straggling pro- cession, gave two entertainments, the latter of which was pretty numerously attended; but the performances were rather below than above mediocrity. CRICKET.-We understand that a cricket match is fixed to take place, on the ground near the prison, on Mon- day next, between the Usk Club and the Llanarth and Llanvair (united) Clubs. IN MEMORIAM.-Henry Greatwood, Esquire, of this town, has just had
M. FAZY AND THE RIOTS IN GENEVA, M. James Fazy having been summoned before the Federal examining magistrate of Geneva to be interro- gated, has addressed the following letter to that functionary;- Sir,-You have summoned me to be examined in an inquiry which has been opened on the subject of the events of.the 22nd ult. I am not aware whether it is as a witness or on personal facts that you have wished to interrogate me. If it is on
A SELF-ACCUSED ACCOMPLICE OF MULLER. At the Worship-street police-court, on Wednesday, George Augustus King, about five feet nine or ten inches in height, with straight red whiskers, wiry frame, and of shabby-genteel appearance, calling him- self a publisher, living at Bow, was brought before Mr. Cuthbert Ellison by Mr. Inspector Honey, of the K division, charged upon his own confession with being concerned in the murder of Mr. Briggs. Mr. Abbott attended for the prosecution, which was instituted by Mr.
ABERSYCHAN. REDUCTION OF W AGES.-Ä notice was posted up in the Iron-works here on Saturday week to the effect that in one month a general reduction of wages would come into operation. This has been expected, but the workmen have "hoped against hope" that it would not take place. Provisions of every sort are so excessively dear, with but little signs of becoming cheaper, that this drop will fall heavily upon the men, who at present find it difficult to
WEST MIDLAND RAILWAY-MONMOUTH & USE, and NEWPORT ABERGAVENNY & HEREFORD SECTION.-SEPTEMBER. WEEK DATS SUNDAYS WEEK DAYS SUNDATS S?55M 123 123 1& 2 1 & 2 1 & 2 123 1& 2 123 123 123 FROM 123|1&2 123 1&2 1 is 2 |1 & 2 123 1&2 123 12 3 123 amampmpmpmpmpmpmampm amamam ampmp.mpmpmpmampm HEREFORD 8 17 9 50 12 35 2 40 3 35 6 50 7 35 11 40 7 40 NEWPORT 6 30 8 0 9 15 10
THE RIOTS IN ~B ELF A S T. The deputation of Belfast gentlemen who waited on the Irish Government a few days ago respecting the late riots, presented the following recommendations at the interview with the Under-Secretary That the garrison should consist at least of one regiment of infantry and a squadron of cavalry, the local police force being composed of too few men, and arranged on far too limited a scale for the requirements of the town. We recom-
NEWPORT, PONTYPOOL, & BLAENAVON RAILWAY WEHK DAYS. SUNDAYS. FROM A.M. P.M. P M. P.M. A.M. P.M. NEWPORT 9 15 1 40 5 0 8 0 9 30 8 0 Llantsrnam 9 21 1 46 5 68 69 36 8 6 Cwmbran. 9 25 1 50 6 10 8 10 9 40 8 10 Pontnewydd 9 29 1 54 6 14 8 14 9 44 8 14 Pontrhydyrun 9 33 1 58 6 18 8 18 9 48 8 18 •p
STATIONS OF THE BRITISH ARMY. Where two places are mentioned, the last-named is that at which the dep6t of the regiment is stationed. 1st Life Guards, Hyde-park 21st (1st bat.) Portsmouth 2nd Life Guards, Windsor Birr; (2nd bat.) Madras Royal Horse Guards, Re-; Birr gent's-park j 22nd (1st bat.) Malta, Park- 1st Dragoon Guards, Madras,: hurst; (2nd bat.) Malta, Canterbury Parkhurst 2nd Bengal, Canterbury 23rd (1st bat.) Bengal, Wal- 3rd Bombay, Canterbury mer; (2nd bat.) Gibraltar, 4th Curragh Walmer 5th
RAGLAN. CRICKET MATCH.-On Monday last a match of this description was played on the ground near this village between the Raglan Club and the Monmouth Commercial Club, when the latter came off victorious, with 16 runs and one innings to spare, as will be seen by the score, sub. joined 1st Innings. RAOLAX. 2nd Innings. W. Jones, c. Baker, b. Baker 1 c. Furney, b. Hale 3 W. Davies, c. Bevan, b. Hale 4 b. Baker 1 W. H. Jones,
Spirits in Passengers' Baggage.-By a re- cently issued regulation of the Commissioners of e y Customs, their officers, throughout the Uniced King- dom, are instructed not to charge with duty any quantity not exceeding a reputed quart bottle of drinkable spirits, of any strength, when found in the baggage of passengers arriving from abroad. The great reduction which has taken place in the rate of duty since the former ragulation was promulgated forty-four years ago-under which any quantity ex- r
IMMEDIATE CASH ADVANCES.- JL Money lent in sums of not less than £50, on Personal Security, at a fair rate of interest. Also a large amount ready to be advanced on Freehold Securities, for a term of years, in sums of from £500 to £ 20,000 each, at from 4 to 6 per cent. interest; charges moderate, and the strictest confidence observed. Full particulars forwarded per post, on receipt of 6 postage stamps. Office hours from 10 to 3 o'clock.
EPITOME OF NEWS I An underground railway, on the London plan, has been projected in Glasgow. From ail official document just issued, it ap- pears that, by the last return, there were as many as 1,142,624 insane paupers. 1,142,624 insane paupers. A correspondent of the Sheffield Independent states that one ounce of newly-burnt slaked lime will purify sixteen gallons of the foulest water. At the Birmingham Musical Festival, last ■week, Mr. Costa's new oratorio, "Naaman," was performed for the first
CHEPSTOW. THE HIGHWAY BOARD.-A meeting of this Board was held in the Board-room at the Union Workhouse, on Saturday last, there being present-C. E. Lewis, Esq. (Chairman), and Messrs. Daniel Baker, Richard Moore, James Thomas, Samuel Perkins, Richard Parsons, John Williams Roberts, Matthew Langley, and Charles Herbert. This being a meeting specially convened to consider the propriety of appointing a treasurer in the room of Mr. John Best Snead, banker, who had made an assignment for the benefit of his
LLANTILLIO CROSSENNY. LLANDAFP CHTJECH CHOEAI)ASSOCIATIOK.-FESTIVAL OF PAROCHIAL CHOIBS.-The first of these meetings was held on Monday last, in the parish church of Llantillio Crossennv, at which about 250 singers were present. The arrival of the various choirs was welcomed by the enliven- ing strains of the Rev. Mr. Pigott's drum and fife band. All were drawn up in order, and with their distinguishing banners waving in front of each choir, they formed four deep in the park, and marched to
AGRICULTURE. -+-- THE first All-England Match of the season for the Champion Ploughmen of England came off lately at the Sparkenhoe Club Meeting, near Ashby-de-la-Zouch. Considerable interest was manifested in the proceed- ings, and the ploughing, considering the dry and hard state of the land, was excellent. Foremost in the competition were the Howards of Bedford and the Ransomes of Ipswich, the match terminating in favour of Messrs. Howard. So plentiful are apples and pears this year (says the Cambridge
LLANTHEWY VACH. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF A PABSOHAQH HOUsB,-The first step, practically speaking, towards sup- plying a want that has long been felt in this parish, has been taken during the past week, in laying the foundation stone of a parsonage house. Feeling the great inconve- nience to himself and parishioners from the absence of a place of residence, the incumbent, the Rev. John Jones, some time since, set on foot a subscription for erecting a suitable building, and
HORRIBLE AND MYSTERIOUS OCCUR- RENCE. The body of a young woman, terribly mutilated, was brought to the Mary lebone Workhouse at midnight on Saturday from the Portland-road station of the Metro- politan Railway. One of the railway inspectors states that the woman was accompanied on the platform by a man who pushed her against the carriage door, and that the moment she got drawn under a, carriage he ran off at full speed up the entrance staircase and got off.
ABERGAVENNY. INQUEST.-On Tuesday an inquest was held at the London Apprentice Inn, before E. D. Batt, Esq., coroner, on view of the body of Thomas Morgan. It appeared that deceased had been run over by a waggon, on the previous Thursday, by which his left leg was broken, and he received other serious injuries, from the effects of which he died after lingering three or four days. The jury returned a verdict of Accidental death." THE FORESTERS' FETE.-This Grand Fet
T O "W" 1ST TALK. BY CUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT. Our rape ? ml7 vjMenstotek that be dotfiot hold o r$cJ "s | rt^o-.is.bUfor pu\ aajl| Coms^ondfnt's opinions.* assisted ,ttr a fell' repre.,eniation rf^ ths> sportsmen and horke lovers of Ehgland and tljg* Continent,"lias "T5een~paying the last Honours to "the last, or rsearly the last, of a generation of squires who loved the thoroughbred without caring or condescending to mix in the rascalities of the turf. The railroads for the last
CHARGE OF PERJURY. Gustave Stoven, a commission agent, residing at Victoria-terrace, Old Kent voad, attended on Friday at the Mansion-house, before Mr. Alderman Waterlow, on a summons charging him with wilful and corrupt perjury. Mr. Besley conducted the prosecution, and Mr. Wontner the defence. The alleged perjury was assigned upon certain affi- davits which appeared to have been made in August last, in an action in the Court of Queen's Bench, in which Charles Edward Bailey, of Royal Exchange- buildings,
CAERLEON. TEA MEETING.-On Thursday, the 5th instant, a tea meeting was held in the Baptist chapel, in aid of the funds, when upwards of 300 persons were present. A lecture upon the "Life of Wycliffe" was afterwards given by the Rev. J. D. Jones, the minister who is at present supplying the chapel. At the close of the lecture addresses were delivered by the Revs. D. Morgan (of Usk), Williams (Pontheer), and Williams (Glascoed). Robert Graham, Esqr., occupied the chair.
EXTRAORDINARY SUICIDE OF A YOUNG WOMAN. On Friday Mr. John Humphreys, the Middlesex coroner, held an inquiry at the Black Horse Tavern, Kingsland-road, respecting the death of Ann Holliday, aged seventeen years, who committed suicide under very extraordinary circumstances. Richard Arnold, 6, Duncan-street, London-fields. said that about twelve o'clock on Thursday morning he was on the Haggerston-bridge, when he saw the deceased on the top of the parapet. A girl named Louisa Francis had a hold of her, and kept
OUTLINES OF THE WEEK. '+-- THE news lately arrived from America does not, by any means, confirm the reports received the previous week of the total subjugation of the forts which protected Charleston. General Beaure- gard, we are told, is determined to hold Fort Sumter as long as possible by means of temporary fortifications; The Federals, it is said, are working hard in the trenches before Fort Wagner, and are reported to have been repulsed in an assault they made
ROBBERY BY A SON. At Worship-street Police-court on Saturday, James Penny, James Page, and Harriet Davis, a lady-like person, of middle age, living near Lambeth Palaae, and who carried an infant, which, from extreme anguish of mind, she was soon compelled to resign, were charged under these circumstances :- Mr. George Penny, boot and shoemaker, at 191, High-street, Hoxton, said: James Penny is my son, and works for but does not live with me; the other two prisoners are strangers
ARRIVAL OF HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN -V IN ENGLAND., On Thursday morning, after a Continental tonr of a few weeks, her Majesty the Queen, and the members of the Royal Family who accompanied her, arrived in England. At Woolwich an immense concourse of people assembled at an early hour anxious to pay their re- spects to her Majesty, the absurd restrictions which were imposed by the authorities when her Majesty loft England having been relaxed at the command of the
MONMOUTH. THE ORDER OF DRUIDS.-The annual meeting and festival of this excellent institution came off on Monday last, at the lodge-house, the Butcher's Arms Inn, Monnow- street, and was attended by nearly 200 persons, including several influential tradesmen and farmers of the neighbour- hood. The dinner, as usual, was served up in capital style by the host and hostess, Mr. and Mrs. Wilkes, and much satisfaction was expressed at their catering. On the removal of the cloth, Brother P.D.G.M. Thomas
A TICKET OF LEAVE. James Ware, a tall, well-built ticket-cf-leave man, aged thirty, was charged before Mr. Cooke, at Wor- ship-street Police-court, on Friday, with robbery. Mr. Frederick Pressland, watchmaker, of High- street, Whitechapel, was passing near his own house on Monday evening, when he was lightly touched on the shoulder, and, thinking it had been done by some friend, he turned round and found himself face to face with the prisoner. Before he had time to utter a word
Hopping.-Every nook and corner of the hopping district swarms with those busy bees the hoppers. All the growers have now begun picking, and there is promise of a more than ordinary crop. With such an influx of visitors the little towns in Surrey of ait even- ing look like a fair. London costermongers import their London cries, and, one might almost suppose himself transported to the New Cut or Whitechapel. The crops being heavy, the hopping is expected to last
EXTRACTS FROil "PUNCH" & "FUN? In this Old Hat. IN this old hat Policeman X Has guarded London well; In this beguiled the female sex, And wooed each area-belle To fight and fray. by night and day, From Kew to Camden-town, That shiny top has put a stop, Obedient to the Crown. At parting from the friend of years Deep sighs disturbed his belt; His dark blue eyes, brimful with tears, Attested what he felt: The helmet now upon his
[ADVERTISEMENT.] To the Editor of the USK OBSERVER." SIR,-Some persons having made a practicc of attributing to Mr. Murrell, the Poor-Law Auditor, certain remarks relative to myself, I beg you will give me an opportunity of setting myself right before the public. I will also add that Mr. James Pritchard, of Llangeview, made use of the same remark, before a public assembly, ps did Mr. Buttery at the Yestry Meeting. I remain, your obedient servant, WILLIAM BLOWER. Little Castle Farm,
SINGULAR TRIAL FOR TREASON IN NAPLES. The celebrated 6rial -of the Princess Sciarra and <^„,a_iiei Quattromani ha^ just terminated, after oc- cupying the Court o.v Naples for fouf daye. THe prisoners Caroline, widoVr Prince BMbermi.iColonna, ch Sciaiia, aged forty-Uro, a id CatfaMer Quattromapa, formerly secretary to Mi to^inicioaTfty c# Naples, and now its pensioner, ag4d =ixty-tw|, were! charged wjth mha,mgm the lasl mon^ of %e yfeir IS^nd m the bfe^rtnu^ofises; CfTncerted anirfer;- cltKftd with several persons associated in a sect
L*iri3_OOUET. FE THE Court was held during the past week at Bal- moral. The Queen, accompanied by the Duke and Duchess of Saxe-Coburg and Princess Helena, have taken occasional walks and drives in the vicinity, and her Majesty appears to be gaining health and spirits in her Highland home. THE Prince and Princess of Wales are in Denmark. At Elsinore their reception was most enthusiastic and flattering. The Danes appeared to have forgotten their past griefs in loyalty to their
THE FLORIDA SEIZED- AT BREST. PARIS, SEPT. 10. The Siecle publishes a dispatch from Brest, stating that the Confederate steamer the Florida has been provisionally seized at that port, at the'suit of a ship- owner named Menier, of Brest, who. (claims an indem-' nity of 100,000 fr. for one of his vessels, seized by that cruiser. The Pays, confirming this;, statement, adds that the outrage of which M. Menier complains is that his ship was forced by the Florida to
POLITICAL GOSSIP. 1 -+- ANOTHER revolution has taken place in Madagascar. J The partisans of Radama havG,) been again successful, j and have placed him in power, after assassinating the Prime Minister. ONE of the vacant Garters has been conferred upon 1 the Marquis of Lansdowne. Lord Lovat will have the ( vacant ribbon of the Thistle. Lord Lismore will be ( the new Knight of St. Patrick. ) PROFESSOR FAWCETT has not done with Brighton yet, and by way
SURRENDER OF THE FIVE BRIGANDS. The surrender, of the five brigands taken, from the Aunis steamer "has been granted. It is believed that the Italian Government will comply with the wish of France that nu-cxecut"in-^hould.ti place. The Siecle publishes, an article, upon the Polish question signed by the editor, M. Havm, stating that the declaration of ifee Journal dxk J'-nourg shows that Russia is net siore accommodating, ,at present than in July. fie -Hk-lele thinks it impossible that France, England,
LITERATURE AND THE ARTS. WE understand that the subscribers to the Liver- pool Sir Rowland Hill gift fund have appointed a com- mittee to decide upon some work of art as an appro- priate testimonial. IT may be mentioned that the sice chssen for the royal pavilion at Perth is the spot on which King Robert III. of Scotland is said to have viewed trie sanguinary battle between Clan Chatt&n ana Clan Kay, commemorated in the Fair Maid of Perth."
AVI-ERICA f N AUG-UST^S. Genera^ Gumore officially reports, on the 24th inst., the practical demolition of Fort Sumter, after seven days' bombardnent. It is a shapeless and harmless mass of ruins. A longer fire," he says, would make it a greater mass of ruins, but scarcely mora powerless for the defence of Charleston harbour. It is unnecessary to continue to fire on the ruins. I have established batteries on my left, within effective range of the heart of Charleston, and
SPORTS AND PASTIMES. 0 A SALMON was caught this week at Montrose which deserves an obituary notice, as it was a monster unparalleled. It weighed 501bs., was 53 inches long, and 29 inches in girth. It was odd no one thought of it as a fit Royal present. IT is now generally admitted that many of the ladies who are followers of old Izaak Walton are quite as expert in salmon fishing as their lords, Lady Pigott, of Suffolk, ranking
Health of the Metropolis.-In" the week last ended, the deaths iii London exhibited a" considerable decrease; they, fell. to 1,232, Yvhiéh, is a lower amonni.. than any that has been, returned since the first week of j July. The births of 925 boys and 938 girls,, in .all 1,863 children^ .were registered in London1. In the fen corresponding weeks of the years 1853-62 the average nuinber (corrected).was 1,830. I ■■ Ji A F&Ct.-Insecticide Vicat. Patronised by French GoVem» meht. The
The Wheat Harvest. Mr. Sanderson, of Manchester-buildings, West- minster, reports to the Times the impressions re- garding the current harvest which four weeks of travel in various parts of the country have left upon him:- Crops have all cut up better than farmers antici- pated, and as the various harvest operations advanced the brighter became the farmers' prospects. Corn in stock gave higher promise than corn growing; the yield on the barn floor exceeded that which the stock led farmers
ACCIDENT ON THE BLACKWALL Pi, AIL IVA Y. On Saturday morning, about eleven, an alarming accident happened to a North London train on the Blackwall Railway, close to the Fenchurch-street station, which nearly resulted in the engine, if not some of the carriages, being precipitated over the viaduct into the street below. The train was the ordinary one from Camden-town, and was due in Fenchurch-street at eleven o'clock. Fortunately there were not many passengers in it, and, more providentially still,
Gardening Operations for the Week. Bulbs to be planted. Those most important now are snowdrops, crocuses, and narcissus, and hardy border lilies, as these do no good if kept long out of the ground. Pot hyacinths, early tulips, narcissus, bulbocodium, tritonea aurea, ixias, and sparaxis. Cal- ceolarias may be propagated now in quantity; they need no bottom-heat. Take short stubby side-shoots, dibble them into a mixture of leaf, very rotten dung, and about a fourth part sand. They strike quickly,
MURDER OF A BANK OLERK. On Thursday morning considerable excitement was -Created in the district of Aldgate by a rumour that a young gentleman, a clerk in the City Bank, had been found murdered in the river. It appears that since the night of the 3rd September the young gentleman in question, Mr. Hugh Dolby Morris, aged about twenty- two years, was missing; and though the walls of the metropolis were placarded with descriptions of him,, and the police had
Singular Capture of a Pair of Foxes.-As the gamekeeper of a gentleman living not ten miles from Preston was going his round in the wood early one morning last week, he espied a very large dog fox fastened by the neck between two trees growing close together. Although apparently exhausted by his attempts to release himself, the cunning of the animal appeared to have saved its life; for, on the keeper approaching, Reynard did not pull in his head, or
,T_ ^V AUSTRALIA. The colony of Victoria is reported to be going on prosperously. We extract the following po- litical news from the Melbourne Argus, dated July 25th- "Wilen the June mail for England was dispatched a Ministerial crisis existed. Mr. O'Shanassy's Cabinet had resigned, and Mr. M'Culloch had been sent for. He found the task of forming a Ministry less difficult than it proved on some former occasions, and when Parliament reassembled on the 28th ult. Mr. Cohen, on
A Fashionable watering-place.-Cheltenham is now riling fa.bt, and a full and fashionable season is anticipated. A remarkable instance of the increased value of property at the Spa may be mentioned, .i hundred years ago a field of about three acres, ^situate behind the Plough Hotel, was sold -for £ 1,825. The price kept increasing; and the land which formerly fetched £ 60 an acre, latterly realised the sum of £45J or a portion of ninety square feet. Sudden Death in
Sir James Wilde was sworn in on Thursday as the new Judge in the Court of Probate and Divorce. presume, therefore, that the suspended ani- mation of this Court, which has so long been com- plained of, will be brought to an end.
TOPICS OF THE WEEK. GENERAL M'CLELLAN.-The Times, after comment- ing upon the selection of M'Clellan to fill the chair of the Chicago Convention, makes the following re- marks :-We see every reason to congratulate the friends of humanity and of common sense on the reso- lutions arrived at by the Chicago Convention. In General M'Clellan we have, if not exactly a "Young Napoleon," at any rate a man of modesty, caution, and discretion, who has shown himself in the darkest
As Inspector John J. Terry, of the N division, accom- As Inspector John J. Terry, of the N division, accom- panied by Sergeant Gould, 40 N, was passing down one of the alleys allotted to the sale of sheep in the Metropolitan Cattle Market, at an early hour on Monday morning, he accidentally fell over a sheep dog that was lying there asleep, and came heavily to the ground. From his groans it seemed that he had sus- tained some
EXTRACTS FROM MANHATTAN. This extraordinary writer becomes daily more difficulttobeunderstood; he rails against every one and gives no one a good name. Instance the following extracts:- Despisalof the London "Times." There used to be a time when the London Times was quoted in almost every American paper. It has ceased to be noticed at all for many months. Quotations of news and of. public opinion abroad are now taken from the other English papers. President Lincoln's New Story. The President
OUR MISCELLANT. --+- Broken Noses.-An Irishman tells of a fight ;n which there was but one whole nose left is the crowd, and that belonged to the tay-settle." Epitaph on a Miser.- The wretched man who moulders here v Cared not for soul or body lost; V But only wept, when death drew near, To think how much his tomb would cost. Bitter Remark.-Lady Chandos, who was still a coquette in her advanced maturity, came to a party after eleven
» A Disappointed Party.-A few days ago a pic- nic party at Fmchley Abbey were imprudent enough to have their spread ready laid out to commence ope- rations while they took a ramble. On their return they found another party had been pic-nicing off their edibles, and consumed, besides lobsters, chickens, tongue, ham, and cherry tarts, a part of the table-cloth and some of the napkins. The visitors were some peregrinating pigs, who had been grubbing in the neighbourhood, and
On Wednesday evening an inquiry was held by Mr. William Carter, in the Board-room of the Battersea Union, Wandswrth, respecting the death of Mr. EA "ard Villier Crotty, aged fifty years.. The deceased gentleman was born in France, but was of Irish extraction. He was by profession a solicitor, nnd was at one time possessed of a large fortune, all of which, however, he lost on the tun. Mrs. Eliza Grotty, No. 1, Cheyne-walk, C.ieUen, said that deceased was her
THE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND. The Melbourne papers report that the news received from the northern district of New Zealand, during the month, has been of a very grave character, and has led to the belief that graver consequences may be expected to follow. The Argus says:- The war-for less it can scarcely be called when comparing' the attitude taken by the natives and their known numbers and resources-has assumed an aspect which threatens incalculable evils to the cause of
FEABFUL COLLIERY EXPLOSION'. Eighteen Lives Lost. On Wednesday night, about eleven o'clock, a moat dreadful explosion took place in Seghill Colliery, near Shields. At the time it occurred the night shaft men were in, and in a moment eighteen men and lads were swept into eternity. Seghill is a pit with extensive workings, and that part of the mine where it fired is known as the Far California Bank. The hewers were then working at the "broken." The explosion took
THE CHARGES AGAINST A LANCASHIRE MAGISTRATE. At two o'clock on Friday Mr. W. S. C. Standish, a magistrate of the county of Lancaster, sur- rendered to his recognisances to answer to the charges of unlawfully shooting Michael Burke, and wounding Thomas Hesketh. It was admitted that Mr. Standish was drunk when the offences with which he was charged were committed. It transpired that on Tuesday last, about noon, he visited a shoemaker in Tarleton, near Ormskirk, named Taylor, from whom
THE MYSTERIOUS DEATHS AT MILE- END. On Wednesday afternoon Mr. John Humphreys resumed and concluded an inquiry which he opened on the 29th nit., into the circumstances of the death of Frances Backingham and Mary N. Gribbin, whose bodies were found dead in a room at 21, Albert Cottages, Mile-end New-town, on Friday, the 26th ult. It will be remembered that the first witness called on the last occasion was John Buckingham, the husband of ene of the deceased women
UPS AND DOWNS OF AN ACTOR'S LIFE. A case most painfully illustrative of the vicissitudes of an actor's life came before the bench at Hull last week. A middle-aged man, named James Clifford, of wretched and half-starved appearance, and whose only covering consisted of shirt, trousers, and boots, was placed at the bar charged with having attempted to commit suicide by jumping into the Humber-dock on Saturday evening. A young man, named Thomas Beautyman, a licensed porter, stated that on
The following story is going the round of Paris -.-A small German baron had occasion, as it seems, to see Baron Rothsehild, of Frankfort. The great financier was writing away for very life when Baron X. was announced. He did not even lift his eyes, but said,, Take a chair, sir." The baron, with t je German touchiness' about titles, said Sir, indeed! I think M. le Baron did not hear my name. I am a baron also-the Baron X."
TERRIBLE CONFLAGRATION IN LIN- COLNSHIRE. Nearly Half a Village Burnt. About ton o'clock on Friday morning a fire, attended I' with most disastrous results, broke out at Sillingham, near Tatterahall. It was first discovered at the corner of the main street leading to Lincoln, on the roof of a thatched hovel, in a -yard belonging to a man named William Scott, wood dealer. The wind at the time was blowing quite a gale from the west, and the sparks flew
AGRICULTURAL LABOURERS' COTTAGES. That philanthropic writer who signs himself S. G. O. has, in a letter to the Times, exposed the state of the agricultaral labourers' homes, of which the following is an extract:- I am quite sure in several villages known to myself, within an easy ride of my own residence, were I to obtain and publish the state of the dwellings, and what can be proved as the result of that state, it would horrify every thinking man
EFFORTS TO ESTABLISH PEACE IN AMERICA. A great and important movement is now going* on in Great Britain and Ireland, says the Standard, in the shape of a peace address from the people of this country to the people of the United States. Thejad- dress appeals to the ties of ra-e and kindred, and asks if there has not bean enough of strife and bloodshed, of misery, and scfferil-ig P It goes on to say-"It is now time for you
OUTRAGE UPON. A BRITISH SUBJECT. Mr. R. R. Belshaw, who has just returned to this country from the Southern States, has written a letter to Earl Russell, claiming damages for outrages in- flicted upon him while there. In this letter he states that he went to New York in 1852, and in 1859 re- moved to Montgomery, Alabama, to settle the estate of a deceased brother. Pending the settlement, which was tedious, he went into business on his own account.
RAISING THE SUNKEN STEAMER CHEVY CHASE. The operations for raising the Chevy Chase steamer, sunk in the Elbe, by the representatives of Lloyd's, are exciting a considerable amount of interest. The Chevy Chase was a new steam-ship, about 600 tons, beipnging to the General Steam Navigation Company, valued at £ 50,000. In going up the Elbe in the early part of the ye%r she got foul of some ice, which stove her bows and she sunk. The spot wheie she
A Hint to Pantomime Writers.-A few days since a clockmaker of Brussels, having but little room in-doors, packed away a lot of clocks in a basket, on the pavement in front of his house. The basket was carefully filled, and straw was pressed down on the top of all. Nothing was then needed but a lid, to pro- cure which the busy tradesman entered his premises. During his absence a tumbril, used for the collection of the sewage and refuse
DEATH OF THE DUKE OF CLEVELAND. The new Duke of Cleveland died last week at Raby Castle, near Durham, having only succeeded his brother the late Duke in January last. William John Frederick Vane, third Dake of Cleve. land. Marquis of Cleveland, Earl of Darlington and Viscount Barnard, Baron Raby, of Raby Castle, in the Bishopric of Durham, was born in London April 3, 1792, and was the second son of William Henry, third Earl of Darlington, K.G., Lord-Lieutenant and
TAKING LEAVE OF A CONVICTED MURDERER. An Affecting Seene. The Sheffield Telegraph of last week publishes the following concerning the murderer, Myers :-As some misconception has arisen respecting the mood of mind in which the prisoner now is, we have much satisfac- tion in placing before our readers an account derived from the best authority of his present condition. Stories, founded on his previously callous behaviour, and on reports furnished by persons who judge of him from casual notice of
POISONOUS PROPERTIES OF THE NEW METAL CALLED THALLIUM. Our readers are doubtless acquainted with the his- tory of this new metal, the discovery of which has recently been the subject of dispute. M. Lamy, in a paper addressed to the Academy of Sciences, now announces a property of that metal, the discovery of which undoubtedly belongs to him, viz., its deleterious power. Having1 experienced certain pains, especially in his lower limbs, while pursuing his studies on thal- lium, he was
All the Difference.-A Scotch officer meeting Bensley, the actor, who had been in the service before he went on the stage, hurried him into a coffee-house, where he began to remonstrate with him for dis- gracing the honourable profession to which he had belonged; at the same time he added, "Bat what do ye make by this new business o' yours?" "From seven hundred to a thousand a year replied Bensley. "A thousand a year!" exclaimed the Scotchman; and then
STRICT NEUTRALITY. (From the New York Times.) England, following out her policy in the East is about to have a turn at Japan. Whether Japan deserves a flogging or not, whether she has violated treaties and assassinated British residents, is a matter concerning which opinions differ. We can view the contest from afar, and, without aspiring to the spirit of prophecy, can easily foretell which will come out of the contest winner. Japan is a wealthy nation, and Eng- land
DEATH OF TWO FEMALES FROM STARVATION. Great excitement prevails in Chelsea about a painful Ica ie which has just been brought to light. Two sisters, who had seen better days, have met with untimely deaths through the want of proper sustenance. Three weeks ago a man between thirty and forty years of age, and who then gave the name of Selby, took an unfurnished front room on the first floor, at No. 4, Durham-street, Chelsea, at the rate of three
Advantage of a "Postman's Knook. At the Judges' Chambers, on Wednesday, an application was made to discharge a person named Onions out of custody, on the ground that the arrest had been effected by the sheriffs' officers breaking open the outer door. The officers swore that they got into the house at night, after watching for some time by the dodge of a postman's knock." The door was opened, and after a struggle the capture was made. Mr. Justice Mellor
A PANIC IN THE ADELPIII THEATRE. On Friday night the Adelphi Theatre was the scene of alarm and consternation in consequence of a report that the building was on fire. Towards the close of the performance of the "Woman of Business" theory of "Fire" was raised, and a majority of the audience leaving their seats beat a hasty retreat. On an in- spection being made the theatre was found to be quite safe, but some smoke from an adjoining house
DARING GAROTTE ROBBERIES AGAIN IN LONDON. James Lessy, a notorious thief, underwent a length- ened examination at the Westminster Police-court, on Friday, charged with two daring and serious garotte robberies. This is the first prosecution since the passing of an Act of Parliament which empowers the authorities to order the public whipping of the offender, in addition to other punishment. Mr. W. M. Ansell, solicitor, conducted the prosecution. Mr. Parsons, of 21, Margaretta-terrace, Chelsea, builder, said that on the evening
DOUBLE EXECUTION AT LEEDS. On Saturday morning tha two men Myers and Sar- gisson underwent the extreme penalty of the law in front of the gaol at Leeds. They were both convicted of wilful murder at the last assizes (being the first ever held in Leeds), the former for the murder of his wife at Sheffield, and the latter for the murder of John Cooper, at Roche Abbey. The chief witness against Myers was his own daughter, who saw him
A MATRIMONIAL DIFFICULTY: A CURIOUS POINT OF LAW. A case involving a curious point of law was recently heard by the Gainsborough Petty Sessional magistracy. A woman, giving the name of Elizabeth Clayton, ap- plied for an affiliation order in bastardy against George Mumby, of Willoughton, to whom she had been united in matrimony. Mr. Howlett, for the woman, said Several years ago Elizabeth Clayton became the wife of David Clayton, and lived with him many years. At length Clayton
MISS BURDETT COUTTS AND CO-OTE- RATIVE EMIGRATION. The honorary secretary of the Lancashire and Queensland Co-operative Emigration Society (Limited) addressed an application in'May last, shortly after the society was duly registered under the Act, to Miss Burdett Coutts, as well as to other persons of liberality and wealth, setting forth the principles of self-help and mutual assistance upon which the institution was based. Assistance was asked, not in the form of an alms, but as a loan, the terms offered
FATAL ACCIDENT TO A YORK ARCHITECT. ( A very sudden and singular accident occurred last week at Church Feuton, at the brickyards belonging to Mr. Graham, of York, whereby one gentleman lost his life, and two other persons were more or less injured. On the premises was a large eight hole brick or tile kiln, capable of burning some 40,000 ordinary draining tiles, and this building had fallen somewhat out of repair. The manager of the works, William Palmer, communicated
NANA SAHIB, The supposed Nana is still the chief topic of con- versation in India; and the latest intelligence received is that he is to be moved at once to Agra. A wing of the 28th, with a proportion of artillery (three guns) and cavalry from Nusseerabad and Neemuch, will form the escort. It would have been as well (says a cor- respondent) to have first settled the question unmis- takably as to whether the real Nana is in custody.
Heartless Robbery. The Fitzroy Market Ragged School, Tottenham-court-road, was on Tuesday night cruelly robbed of considerable stores of the clothing and property which had been pre- pared for the charitable operations of the establish- ment. A great portion of the property taken con- sisted of new clothing and materials belonging to the poor women of the mothers' meeting," and the children of the industrial classes. All the-portable contents of the school were abstracted, and the loss will seriously cripple the
ALLEGED FORGERIES BY A MERCHANT. The people in Birmingham and the environs have been taken by'surprise by the statement that Mr. George Baskerville, junior partner in the firm of Messrs. P. and G. Baskerville, flint grinders, of Bells-mill and Hotlane-mill, Hanley, has ab- sconded, and that with his disappearance has come the discovery of a large number of forgeries perpe- trated by him. It appears that Mr. Baskerville, senior, left the entire management of the business to his son George,
THE NEWS BUDGET. The Cotton Trade and the Distress in Preston.-Within the past few days a downward tendency has manifested itself in the cotton trade of Preston, and it is apprehended that, from the present until next spring, there will be a decrease rather than an increase in the employment of the operatives. Two or three mills which have been worked during the whole of the cotton famine will, in a week or two, be either wholly or partially closed,
THE STEAM RAMS AT LIVERPOOL. It now appears (says the Liverpool Post) that the steam-rams just launched from the yard of Messrs. Laird were built for the Confederate Government. Neither the French Government nor the French people were concerned in the business, but a French banker was. The two rams were to be paid for out of the pro- ceeds of the Confederate Loan. M. Langier was one of the contractors to that loan, and he was also a guarantee
THE DROUGHT AND THE FLAX CROP. Until the change which took place within the last few days, the weather of the past six or eight weeks has been remarkable for the absence of those heavy August rains which, in other seasons, were wont to visit this part of Ulster. Many of the older farmers state that since 1822 there has not been an August so dry and parching as the month just closed. Not only have they totally missed the
RESCUING ELEVEN PERSONS AT SEA. The Inverness Courier says, that on Friday evening as darkness was coming on, the Helens, of Alloa, Capt. Grinly, on her way from Thurso to Inverness, fell in with a -boat nearly twelve miles at sea, off the coast of Helmsdale. It contained five women, three children, and three men; the sails were torn to shreds, there were no oars, the boat itself was badly injured, and she was drifting' helplessly to sea. Captain Grinly
KING CHRISTIAN OF DENMARK AND- HIS LATE MINISTER. A pamphlet has appeared at Copenhagen attributed to the brother-in-law of King Christian, .containing, amongst other things, the following deseription of a scene between Christian IX. and M. Monrad on the evening of the day on which the Ministry resigned :- The King received at daybreak from his envoy &.t Paris, Count Moltke, a telegram in the following1 terms :-" All is lost, the Emperor will do nothing more for us." There
Weather Hints for Farmers. We extract the following from Admiral Fitzroy's work on Practical Meteorology ":- Whether clear or cloudy, a rosy sky at sunset presag'es fine weather; a sickly-looking greenish hue, wind and rain; a dark (or Indian) red, rain a red sky in the morning, bad weather or much wind (perhaps rain); a grey sky in the morning, fine weather; a high dawn, wind; a low dawn, fair weather. Soft-looking or delicate clouds foretell fine weather, with moderate
Money Market. CITY, SEPT. 14.-The funds opened steadily this morning, at the closing quotations of yesterday, but have since given way J per cent. on a rumour that a further unfavourable movement has taken place in the Bombay exchange. It is inferred, therefore, that increased amounts of silver will be sent from England to the East. The dis- count market remains quiet, with little business and a large supply of monev. The general rate tor tne best three mouths' bills
The Corn Trade. MARK-LANE, SEPT. 12.-There was a more plentiful supply of English wheat at this day's market, and pur- chases being made with caution, prices rather declined new white selling at 42s to 463, and red at 39s to 438 per quarter. At the close of business several parcels were unsold, although of good quality. A fair quantity of foreign was brought forward, and demand ruled dull, at 38s to 48s per quarter, being rather under the terms of
Hardy Fruit and Kitchen Garden. As formerly recommended, look over fruit remaining out of doors frequently, and gather it as it becomes fit. Also examine that stored in the fruit room, as there will occasionally be found a few decaying for a few weeks after housing, and these should be removed as soon as perceived. Keep the fruit room cool and airy, in order to allow of the escape of moisture given off by the fruit, which is considerable for
Cactle Market. METROPOLITAN, SEPT. 12.-The number of beasts is rather smaller, but still it is large. Choicest kinds are scarce and are readily disposed of. Inferior qualities are rather dull of sale, but all kinds are dearer. The supply of sheep is very much shorter, and prices for all kinds are higher. There is rather more inquiry for lambs, but the season is about over. Good calves are dearer. From Germany and Holland there are 2,960 beasts, 9,280 sheen 277
Btrtfjs. At LI an soy, Sept. 13, the wife of the Rev. R. M. Evanson, vicar of that parish, of a daughter. At Cwrtybrechen, Llanvihangel Torymynydd, Sept. 13, the wife of Mr. Edmund J ones, of a daughter. At Raglan, recently, the wife of Mr. Edwards, carpenter, of a son. At Staunton, near Monmouth, Sept. 13, the wife of the Rev. -kaward Maehen, rector of that parish, of a daughter. iHarrtages. At Tirzah Chapel, Michaelstone-y-Vedw, September 8th, by T ?.
EPITOME OF ISTEWfj, Hop-picking has commenced in the north of France, but the yield is not so abundant as was expected. Sales of this year's crop are effected at from 105f. to 110f. the 50 kilos. The slock of 1862 is completely exhausted. Pilgrimages by rail appear to be getting in fashion. The Journal du Havre states that between 60) and 700 pilgrims arrived at Honfleur, a day or two ago, by rail, and on the following day they went
THE COURT. THE Queen arrived last week safe at Windsor again after her continental trip. Her Majesty landed at Woolwich, and the ridiculous regulations which were enforced when the Queen left England were modified, and numbers of people witnessed the disembarkation, and her Majesty was lustily cheered throughout her route. THE Queen, accompanied with one or other of the Royal family, took her usual walks and drives in the vicinity of Windsor throughout the week. ON Saturday her Majesty held
f Chepstow Horticultural Show. The second and last show of the year of the Chepstow and County of Monmouth Horticultural Society took place on Wednesday, within the walls of that noble ruin, Chepstow Castle. Notwithstanding that the appearance ot the weather from early morn strongly indicated a wet day, the excursion trains and steamer from Bristol brought vast numbers of visitors, indeed, so unexpectedly numerous were they from the direction of Bristol and the stations down the line, that an
POLITICAL GOSSIP. WE hear that it is probable that the Hon. Captain Denison, a brother of Lord Londesborough, who has large property in the neighbourhood, will be a candi- date for the representation of Scarborough in the Conservative interest at the next general election. THE barrister appointed to revise the list of voters for the City of Westminster has given notice that he will hold his court on Thursday, October 8, at the Lords Justices' Court, Westminster-hall. THE Act of
LITERATURE AND THE ARTS. THE people of Stafford are at last making an effort to erect a memorial of some sort to their old towns- man and benefactor, Isaak Walton. A statue is spoken of, and endeavours are being made to hook subscribers. THE project of obtaining a duplicate of the Calcutta statue of Lord Hardinge for London has failed; the requisite funds were not forthcoming. TWENTY-SIX new statues, intended for the fagade of the Cathedral of Milan, are being
SPORTS AND PASTIMES. -,- « REMARKABLE "WHIST BET.-A record of the fol- lowing bowl fide bet at whist, made in the middle of the last century by two well-known gentlemen of "quality," is preserved in a curious manuscript book of bets belonging to a very old-established London club: - "Mr. Fanshawe and Captain Rodney agree, whenever they cut in at whist and are not together, whichever offers to bet fifty guineas, the other refusing is to forfeit one hundred guineas.
TOPICS OF THE WEEK. THE NEW FREEMAN OF DUNDEE. 0 high is the honour of Russell the Earl, And his brain is no doubt in a regular whirl, For the Sheriff and Provost, and Baxter, M.P. Have made him a freeman of bonny Dundee. How modestly all his past honours are worn The freedom of Catholics, freedom of Corn, Repeal of the Test Act, and so on," says he, Are due to this freeman of bonny Dundee. "Reform Bills I've
OUR MISCELLANY. Royal Adulation.-Among the addresses pre- sented upon the accession of James I. was one from the ancient town of Shrewsbury, wishing his Majesty might reign as long as the sun, moon, and stars endured. Faith, mon," said the King to the person who presented it, If I do, my son, then, must reign by candle-light." A Hint to Parents.-Do all in your power to teach your children self-government. If a child is passionate, teach him by patient and
The Drafc. The Washington steam-ship has brought files of papers from America, and amongst the latest news is that the draft has been concluded in New York. This has been carried on, it is said, without the least interference in any district, and without any intimation of disturbance. The vile, cowardly rabble (says the New -York Times) who, on the former occasion, took advantage of the powerless condition of the city to rob, burn, and murder, were cowed into submission
Presentation of a Sword to General Meade. There is nothing of moment from the army of the Potomac. A splendid sword had been pre- sented to General Meade by the Pennsylvania Reserves. In his speech, returning thanks, Gen. Meade said he trusted that the sword would be required but a short time longer, as he believed this unhappy war was near its end, and that men alone were needed to fill up the old regiments to put a finishing stroke
Mr. Vallandigham in Ohio. The New York Times says :-" The canvass for Vallandiglutl11, in Ohio, drags pitifully. The mass of the people still refuse to give the 'martyr' any sympathy. All the efforts of the party leaders to kindle passion against f the persecutors' utterly fail. The flashiest clap-trap about the eternal sanctity of free speech vanishes with the flash, and that is the end of it. All the red-hot indignation against the < worst despotism of the age'
Bombardment of Charleston. The New York papers have nothing later from Charleston, but publish the following from the Richmond papers of the 29th ult.:- The War Department is in receipt of nothing later from Charleston than lip to last night. It is understood, however, that Fort. Sumter, though seriously breached in the wall, will not be aban- doned, and that General Beauregard has expressed his determination to hold it to the bitter end. It is thought that this might be
A Panic in Richmond. The Richmond Enquirer, of the 29th August, says:- Considerable excitement was occasioned in the city on Thursday night, and was kept up during the day on Friday, by a report, brought by couriers and passengers from the White-house, that the enemy, 8,000 strong, was advancing upon the city. At an early hour General Elney, in command of this department, proceeded to make the best pos- sible disposition of the forces under his command for the defence
The Armies of the Rappahannock. The Richmond papers also publish the follow- ing items "We are without any further intelligence from our lines os the Rappahannock, the down train on the Central Bailroacl, which is our usual source of information from the army of Northern Virginia, having failed to arrive last evening. This was owing, it is understood, to the cars being appro- priated by the military authorities for the con- veyance of troops to certain points threatened by the
Fight in Green-brier County: The following official dispatch was received by the Confederate authorities in Richmond on the 28th ult. :- White Sulphur Springs, August 27, via Dublin, August 28. To General S. Cooper,-We met the enemy yesterday morning, about a mile and a half from this place, on the roacl leading to the Warm Springs..We fought from nine a.m. to seven p.m. Every attack made by the enemy was. repulsed. At night each side occupied the same position they
The Army of Rosecrans. A dispatch from Stevenson, Alabama, on the 31st August, says:- General Crook has penetrated to the summit of Look-out Mountain, within nine miles of Chattanooga. He found the mountain clear. The rebels in Chattanooga were in force, digging like beavers and making boats, with the intention- of fighting us there. Rebel accounts of the late bombardment of Chattanooga state that General Wilder opened without warning. The daughter of Mr. Roche, of Nashville, was mortally wounded. Three
Army of the Tennessee. The Richmond Inquirer of August 29 says :- Probably the next great battle will be fought in East Tennessee, for the occupation of that im- portant region. The late demonstrations of Rose- crans near Chattanooga may possibly be intended to feel the way round Bragg's left flank; and the towns of Upper Georgia have been somewhat alarmed at the prospect of a horde of Yankees upon them; but from the best information we have been able
ATTEMPTED MURDER AND SUICIDE. A dreadful occurrence took place in a small back house in John-street, Kate's-hill, -Dudley, on Friday afternoon. In the house in question there had lived for some time Thomas Garland, a miner, Sarah Garland, his wife, and three young children. Garland had not been at work for three weeks, as he was suffering from brain fever, and during that time his wife was most careful and tender in her attentions to him. On Thursday the man
THE DUKE OF NEWCASTLE ON THE VOLUNTEER MOVEMENT. The Duke of Newcastle, K.G., Secretary of State for the Colonies and Lord-Lieutenant of the county of Nottingham, reviewed the 2nd Administrative Bat- talion of Notts Volunteers last week, which had been encamped on the Plains-piece, near Worksop, for five days. There was a numerous attendance, including the Earl and Countess of Lincoln, Sir Thomas W. White, the Ladies Clinton, Lady Henrietta D'Eyn- court, Lady F. Simpson, and the chief families of
ASSAULT AND BATTERY AND ATTEMPT TO SHOOT. A Mr. Richard Hawkshaw was last week charged at the head police-office, Dublin, with having violently assaulted and threatened to shoot Mr. James Nolan. Both parties are respectable men of business, having ofilces within a few doors of each other in Fleet-street. It appeared from the statement of the complainant that he and the defendant had been in partnership for three years. In January last the defendant threatened to shoot him. On Wednesday
A YOUTHFUL ELOPEMENT. Oa Monday (says the Liverpool Qourisr), the facts were brought to light of the singular circumstance of a boy and girl, aged tEirleen and fOurteen.irespeetively, having. eloped from Rochdale and arrived in Liverpool, where- they had taken lodgings and cohabited. In the morning a young man. named Heywood, son of Levy who lives atafarm called Japhey's Farm," near-Rochdale, arrived here from that town and gave information to the polics-that a young girl who lived with-his1 father had
A FO URPENCE- HA LFPENNY DINNER AT A LONDON COOKING DEPOT. It had just struck twelve, and a quick succession of faces had already begun to appear at a little window in the wall of the partitioned space where I sat looking over the books. Within this little window, like a pay- box at a theatre, a neat and brisk young woman pre- sided to take money and issue tickets. Everyone coming in must take a ticket. Either the fourpence-
EXECUTION OF FOUR MEN AT KIRK DALE. At noon on Saturday, the four condemned murderers were hung in front of the gaol at Kirkdale, Liverpool. The following is a brief account of the crimes for which they have suffered the extreme penalty of the law:- Benjamin Thomas lodged with Mrs. Rowlands, the wife of a merchant captain, and was slightly in her debt. He had engaged to go to sea in a ship for which a man named Crossthwaite was
THE CHANNEL FLEET AT BELFAST. The inhabitants of Belfast, after repeated disap- pointments, were gratified by the arrival of the channel fleet in the Lough on Wednesday. As soon as the telegraph announced that the leading vessels of the squadron were in sight, several steamers, heavily freighted with enthusiastic sightseers, proceeded to sea to meet them. After the vessels had anchored visitors were admitted on board, and were received with the courtesy and attention for which the officers of the
LINCOLNSHIRE SHEEP. The season for the sale and letting of rams' in; Lin- colnshire commenced lasfrweek, and the prices obtained* have been more remuneraiave to the breeders than those of any previous ym.sx In the county of Lincoln sheep-breeding forms one of the most important features in the business the agriculturist, and. when we consider the present comparatively low price of corn, and the high price- ef meat and wool, there can be no question that thefanner finds the breedingcf
C-HARGE OF MANSLAUGHTER AGAINST1 A QUACK DOCTOR. Joseph Markus, an herb doctor, who keeps a shop in Church-street, Sunderland, was brought before the magistrates of that borough and charged with man- slaughter, in causing the death øt Jane Sumby, who resided next door to the prisoner- in Church-stroet, and who has kept a stall in the market for the last twenty- eight years. Mr. Graham defended Markus. Margaret Jane Sumby, daughter of the deceased, said her mother complained on Monday
Origin of the Word" Dun.Some erroneously supposed that it comes from the French word don- ner," give, implying a demand, or something due; but the true origin of this word is from one John Dunn, a famous bailiff of Lincoln, so extremely active and dex- terous at the management of his rough business, that it became a proverb when a man refused to pay his debts-why don't you Dunn himp that is, why do you pcik,, send Dunn to arrest
THE NEWS BUDGET. The Duchess of Beaufort at a. Farmers' Club.-At the annual dinnercf the Badminton Farmers' Club, which was presided over by his Grace the Duke of Beaufort, the health of. the duchess was drunk with great enthusiasm. Her grace, in response, said: "I thank you very much for the kind way. in which you have drunk my health. I have great: plea- sure in seeing you all here, and I hope it will not be the last time
Money Market. CITY, SEPT. 15.-In the Stock Exchange attention is still almost exclusively directed to the fortnightly settlement, and there is consequently not much general business. The tendency of the markets, however, is favourable Consols are now quoted 93t to'! for money, and 93f to f for the acceunt (Octobers). The official business report is as follows:-Three per Cent. Con- sols, for money, 3, §; ditto, for account, 931; Tnre" per Cents. Reduced, 92,4; New Three per Cents., 92, Iadia
The Corn Trade. MAR.K-LA.NE, SEPT. 14.-Prices ruJed steady to-day fcr English. Wheat, and a good demand prevailed; but a more plentiful supply. The teims obtained- were, fur rosy white, Us 50s; and rid, 42s to 4.)8 per quarter., a clearance teing nearly made ot'best sorts. Many contracts wereconcltiued in foreign at 40s to 56S; and the market 'has, a tteac-y tt)penlw:ce. A fair business in American at 44s -;0 49s per quarter.-There was a la11iè trade in flour, but no
Hide Market. LEADENHALL.-Hides.-Prices: SSlba to £ 41b< 2S/i 641bs to 721bs, 3d to 3id; 72!bs to soibs, 8W to 80M S81bs, 3jd to 4|d; SSlbs to 861bs, 4,1 to 5d 96 b= io 1041^ 4d to^5id. Horses hides, 10s to 12s; Calfskins, light,~2s 6d to 4sV full, I s. 4 iffMd°^n,SEJ'~Sh%ep skins polIed' 53 t0 Ss half breds 4s 4d to is lOd; Downs, us Cd to 4s; Lambs, Zs 6d to 5a Cd.
Cattle Market. METROPOLITAN MARKET, SEPT. H.-n-o 1-ave a larger number.of beasts than on Monday last; theie is however, a demand for them, and that day's quotations are pc-etty well maintained. Sheep are also more plentiful; trade is scsrcelv as brisk, yet there is no Quotable reduction in price. Good calves are scarce and rather dearer. Lamb is scarcely a few choice ones only are saleable. From Germsnv ancl Holland there are 1,890 beasts, 8,640 sheep, and 111 calves, and 30
Federal Dictator.-Captain Ericsson, in a letter lately printed, -writes;-"The Dictator is fast ap- proaching completion, with her lOJ-ineh iron side armour and 15-inch thiok turret. Her new wron^ht- iron ordnance is also nearly ready. Mark mv word this vessel will as surely prove a Dictator as th« one of her her size has proved a Monitor." A Forest onFire. Toulon and its neighbour* hood were -visited, some time back, bv a violent mistral (north-west wind), which, ravaged the country for
Utrtlts. At Dingestow, September 6, the wife of Mr. Thos. Roberts, grocer, of a daughter. At ilonnow-streefc, Monmouth, Sept. 13, the wife of Mr. A. Pitway, hair-dresser, of a daughter. $eatf)ss- At the residence of her father, Tregare, Sept. 5, of phthisis, Eliza, wife of Mr. Thomas Ward, of St. Arvans, near Chepstow, aged 18 years. At Bryagwyn, Sept. 10, of typhus, Ann, daughter of John Price, in her 9th year. Our obituary recently recorded the death of deceased's mother
&j)pomtiuenta. Monday .Caerlson Fair. Tredegar Fair. Longtown Fair. Gloucester Wool Fair. Tuesday .Caerleon Petty and Special Sessions (Receiving Jury Lists-Highway Purposes). Brynmawr Fair. Crickhowell Fair. Thursday.Waun Fair. Chepstow Special Sessions (Revising Jury Lists). Friday Abergavenny Fair. Usk Petty and Special Sessions (Appeals Against Poor R Ltes-Revising Jury Lists). Raglan Petty and Special Sessions (Revising Jury Lists.) Saturday .Pontypool Special Sessions (Revising Jury Lists). 8th Mon. Rifle Volunteers. Friday General Parade in Uniform at 6.45 p.m. For Drills, &c., see General
TO CORRESPONDENTS AND READERS. "Ax OLD ADVOCATE O* WHEXL PMUGHING."-We shall be happy to insert your communication upon your complying with our rule of furnishing us with your name (not for publication). II W.P.Your letter is with-held for three reasons. First- its length secondly-its irrelevancy to the subject at issue, and thirdly-its personal tendency, which exceeds the bounds of propriety, and lays you. open to an action for libel. We are willing to give you every reasonable opportunity to correct
psetlier. DINNER TO THE LORD LIEUTENANT.-One of those incidents of local interest, which it is always our plea- sing duty to record, occurred on Wednesday last, when Lieut.-Colonel Bird, and the Officers of the 2nd Adminis- trative Battalion of Rifle Volunteers, had the honour of entertaining at dinner Lord Llanover, the Lord-Lieutenant of the county. The sentiment which prompted the invitation appreciation of the unflagging interest evinced by his Lordship in everything appertaining to the volunteer force of the county->was
USK. FUNERAL op ME. JAMKS WILLIAMS.-On Tuesday last, the mortal remains of our late respected and much lamented townsman, Mr. James Williams, were borne to their resting place in Usk Churchyard, attended by a number of the principal tradesmen and others of the town and neighbourhood. The procession moved from the house shortly after twelve o'clock in the following order:- Undertaker-Mr. H. Nicholas. Rev. S. C. Baker (vicar). Rev. George Thomas. Surgeon-A. J. Shepard, Esq. Mr. W. Bull. Mr. James
ABERGAVENNY. PETTY SESSIONS, WEDNESDAY, before the Hon. W. P. RODNEY, the Rev, JAMES FARQUHAR, and W. W. MANNING, P. C. H. WILLIAMS, T.DAVIES, and J. C. HILL, Esquires. CHARGB OF ASSAULT.-Mary Gane was charged with having assaulted Lydia Brewer. Complainant stated that defendant and her sister came into her house on Satur- day night last, and called her over," when she (complai- nant) ordered them out, upon which defendant struck her in the face. Upon being interrogated, complainant acknowledged having
BLAENAVON. CAMPANOLGY.-An entertainment was given at the Town Hall, on Thursday evening last, by a "band of brothers" [_?] skilled in the above art. The programme comprised a capital selection of music, which was per. formed in a very creditable and satisfactory manner, and drew forth rounds of applause from the audience. The only sacred piece in the selection was Hanover "-the 104th Psalm, which was played remarkably well. The dif- ferent chords were struck with peculiar accuracy, although the
COUNTY COURT, TUESDAY, before Judge HERBERT. The only case ot public interest was the following VIOLENT ASSAULT CASH. Wm. Parkhouse v. Wm. Williams, and wife. Plaintiff sought to recover £50, as damages for injuries sustained by an assault. I Mr. Simons, of Merthyr, appeared for plaintiff, and Mr. Cathcart, Newport, for defendant. We have not space for the evidence in the case, which was of a very lengthy nature, but the facts will be gathered from the addresses of the
PETTY SESSIONS, SATURDAY, before C.H.WILLIAMS, Esq., and Lieut.-Col. BIRD. AN ALLEGATION OF UNJUST ASSESSMENT.-Upon the Magistrates' Clerk calling out Edward Jenkins, Mam- hilad, for non-payment of poor rate," Mrs. Jenkins, who seemed somewhat irate, ascended the witness box, and said her husband had not been summoned, and that she had merely come there to listen to a particular case. The Magistrates' Clerk (to Mrs. Jenkins)-The rate has been made, and you must pay. Mrs. Jenkins-Let me look at the book,
CHEPSTOW. PETTY SESSIONS, before the Rev. R. WILLIAMS, and Captain SAVERY. RIOTOUSNBss.-Charles Jones (laborer, Chapel Hill), Edward Reece (laborer, of Penterry), Henry Martin (laborer, of Newchurch East), and John Bevan (laborer, of Newchurch East), were separately charged by P-C- Griffiths with being drunk and riotous, in a public thoroughfare in St. Arvans, on the 1st of September inst, Jones and Reece were fined 5s., with 6s.6d. costs Martin 5s., and lls.3d. costs; and a distress warrant was issued against Bevan,
v • ..■■■ E A M E S TAILOR AND WOOLLEN DRAPER, ABERGAVENNY, T)EGS to announce the arrival of his NEW GOODS, adapted^surpa89edb D and SUMMER wear, which he assures his friends and the public generally 5»emunerative price. any house in the kingdom for quality and style. Every artici e carge, a g from 16g FISHING FISHING SUITS (a variety of patterns), from 50s. biuuiu BAGS, &c. "■ ■" ■' - -- r :a:OT E' R-A.GHljA.3Sr. TO TOURISTS, EXCURSIONANI> OTHERS.
I TO"WM>T "SAIjK. ( BY JOUB SPECIAL COEESSPOWDBNT. 01w readsrs v-,t thai IM do not hold our rsspon ] Mt-Ieijr fTttZftble forresoonaent's opmitffavs, Thk | the-Wimbledon meeting1; this yettr Wo enthusiastic reception awarded J 1, -Y to the Belgian ^emen, who had come all the way from their own country to be present at what they I called our Tir National de Wimbledon." On the ¡ ground, from Lord Elcho, the representative of ¡ the Rifle Association, down to all
SUMMARY OF EVENTS. I c THE war in Germany is still raging, and the i hope that France could successfully mediate be- N tween Austria and Prussia on the one hand, and 1 Austria and Italy on the other, appears to be out 1 of the question. Victor Emmanuel refuses to t accept Venetia except by conquest, and rapidly < the Austrian soldiers are departing from Venice, < leaving the Italian army an opportunity of ad- ] vancing. Another battle
MANIFESTO OF THE EMPEROR OF AUSTRIA TO 1HE HUNGARIANS. The following Royal lanifoato has juat been issued at Pesth:- To the faithful peples of my kingdom of Hun- gary. The hand of Province weighs heavily upon us. In the conflict into wloh I have been drawn, not voluntarily but throng] the force of circumstances, every human calculatia has been frustrated, save only the confidence I laced in the heroic bravery of my valiant army, The more grievous are the heavy
JVHATWILL BECOME OF A US TR iA P The Times military )rrespondent, writing from the head-quarters of thouisfcrian army, says: The army of the North has hrown its whole energy into one blow and failed. Stressful in Italy, contrary to all exoaciations, Austria as failed in Germany; what now remains ? Will Friice support the Italians, and Eussia strike a blow for tnaervatism ? Nothing more is possible here but to draw back the shattered remnants of a groat armjtnd
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. II THE ETJBOPfAN AVAR. I- BERLIN, JULY 16. M. Benedetti, the Frenoh Ambassador, and the Count do Barral, Italian Minister at Berlin, have I accompanied the King to the Prussian head-quarters at Brunn. Negotiations are in progress for a truce of three days, and not for an armistice. m, ffiMo, ■; i„ BERLIN, JULT' 136. The omoial of to-d^y says:-- The assertions of various newspapers that Prussia has demanded the cession of Bohemia and Moravia as a condition
,5 .!¡d AMERICA. NEW YORK, JULY 5. A bill has been introduced in the House of Repre- sentatives, and referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, authorising the establishment of territorial governments in British American provinces, and the assumption of their debts, with payment of 10 million dollars to the Hudson's Bay Company whenever the governments of Great Britain and of those provinces shall apply for the admission of the said provinces into the union. The resolution offered in the
S. WINST.,OWIS Soothing Syrup, for 'v JL children cutting teeth, has gained a greater reputation in America during the last 15 years ban any remedy of the kind ever known. It is plea- .ant to taka, and SAFE in all eases; it soothes the child and gives it rest; it relieves griping in tha bowels, or wind in the stomach, and cures dysentery or diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other 9uaea; it softens the gums and allays all irritation-
.IMPERIAL P ARLIAJiENT. -+-- In the House of Lords, on Thursday, the report of amend- ments of the Capital Punishment Bill was brought, up and agreed to. Lord Cranworth. moved the second reading of r, ministration of Justice (Chancery) Amendment l"11' Jf10 object of -which is hereafter to constitute the Master ot the Bolls ex officio one of the Lords Justices of Appeal in The Lord Chancellor opposed the measure on the ground that its real object was to correct
ALLEGED SUFFERINGS ON < BO ABB A MEDITERRANEAN STEAMER. Mr. Humphreys, Middlesex coroner, resumed on Wednesday art inquest at the Ship and Pilot i"ayera, Wapping, relative to a charge of neglect ft1 starva- tion on board the steamship Medora, to the Mediterranean ports, by which it ye-a-p-4 'viiham j Galver, aged 31, lost his life. t T j Mr. J. R. Fenwiek, solicitor London General Steam Navigation Compan'' represented I tllMHrvnAnn3CaIv0r V', Sermi^g:e-streei St. Georye'a-m-the-Eap*that &er husband was a mariner,
I THE WAYZGOOSK This annual feast among printers is observed in London. The working men upon these occasions dine with their employers and the heads of depart. ments. Usually the rendesvons is in the outskirts of the metropolis, not far from the sound of Bow bells; { to which they are driven in four-in-hands or carriages, I This year, however, the employes of Messrs. Cassell, Fetter, aim G-alpin, La Belle Sauvage-jard, Ludgate- ■nill, determined to try the experiment of a
A very important case-" Slade v. Slada "-will be tried at the forthcoming Wells Assizes, to be held on the 3rd of August, the result of which will deter- mine the ownership of extensive property in the neighbourhood of North Petherton, lately occupied by Sir Frederick Slada, and also the possession of title by him. The disputants are the eldest son of Sir Frederick and_the twin brother of the latter. We believe that Sir Hugh. Cairns has been specially re-
I PRESENTS MADE TO HER ROYALHIGEf-1 NESS THE PRINCESS HELENA ON I HER MARRIAGE. I From her Majesty the Queen A cluster necklace of diamonds and opals.-A deesa brooch of diamonds and opals.-A pair of diamond and opal earrings to ¡ match.-A very large pendant composed of seven large handsome diamonds with a ruby in the centre and a large emerald drop, the diamonds, ruby, and emerald taken out of India jewels presented to her Majesty in 1863.-A tiara, necklace,
Deaths through Sunstroke. - Tws deaths through sunstroke occurred oi Thursday aud Friday last near Nottingham. AlabQlring man named Eyre, aged 60, was making hay in a fieM at Codaor on Thursday, when he was 0739tvad to fall, and died almost immediately. Oa F4day afternoon a man named Smith, while at work is the hay field at Calver- ton, was ssnatruck. Ha was obeyed home instantly, but died the same evening. FrpfesEor Agassiz sajs the general impres- sion in regard
THE CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCWW- r QUER'S S PEE Gil ON THE HUSTINGS. On Friday Mr. Disraeli, having vacated his seat for I Buckinghamshire by accepting the efnce of Chancellor | ,^0 Exchequer, presented himself at the County | I1* Aylesbury, for re-election.-Mr. T. T. Drake I nominated the right hon. gentleman, and Mr. P. Dancey seconded the nomination. No other candi- date was proposed, and Mr. Hoare, the high sheriff declared Mr. Disraeli dulv elected. Mr. Disraeli, who rose
SERIOUS CHARGE AGAINST A SOLICITOR, | At Westminster Police-court, on Saturday, Mro | Minshull Yea 1, solicitor, 12, Abisgdoa-street, Wast- [ minster, appeared to a summons charging him with I with others to defraud Mrs. Luoy Broad of divers sums of money, and farther with fo^eis- certain i llZP Mr CP0W€T%0 £ -att-0rne? reference to the Mr.^ George Lewie, jun., prosecuted, and Mr (lESi.ructeo by Messrs. J. and C. Rogers) de- said that Mr. Harry Spender, who Russell-street, Bloomsbury, died
AGRICULTURE. --+-- Congestion of the Lungs in Horses. The difference between congestion and inflammation is not popularly recognised, although the two diseases are quite distinct, and really require opposite methods of treatment. In congestion the blood is stagnated, and conse- quently the circulation in the part is stopped, the natural result of this will be the arrestation of the functions of the tissues so affected, and their ultimate death, unless the disease can bo removed and the circulation restored. If
HINTS UF01\[ GARDENING. KITCHEN GARDEN ANI> FPJAME GBOTTND. -Celery: The early crops to be earthed up as soon as the plants nave attained a good size. If the ground is dry, give a heavy soaking of water the day before intending to laotua them, and be caieful that the soil is nearly dry, or at most only moderately moist, when the moulding is to De done. Sow cabbage, green curled endive, ieuSiice, round spinach.-Winter greens to be got out 2ii
BPOSTS AID PASTIMEB. THE Snider rifle principle admits of capping being dene away with, and the converted Enfields will be loaded with self-igniting cartridges fired by a pin, which having struck the cartridge is returned by a spring to its position. ON Saturday the kennel of setters of the well-known Gordon breed, and the property of the Earl of Shrews. bury, was sold by auction at Aldridges's Horse Re- pository. There was a considerable attendance of sportsmen, and an active
THE GREAT BATTLE BETWEEN PRUSSIA AND AUSTRIA. The Times, in a leading article, thus summarises the battle scenes as describe! by their able corres- pondents 1 'Sadowa was another Waterloo in its strategy, if not in its influence upon the fate of an empire. The invading army of Bohemia stretched far and wide over a slightly imdulating country, and from the centre of its line a high road led directly to the head-quarters of the enemy. Along this road Prince
J WARLIKE PREPARATIONS. • ro«r«f^mip0+ur °f 11Au?tria issued, at Vienna, on the 10th of July, the following manifesto: hfiffll1oT.m^I>0Oples,TT^8 misfortune which has nS«f }lo^army.0f North, notwithstanding its ii, resistance to the enemy-the increased of w Fatherland-the calami- V7'1 I17 J1C my belovcd kingdom of Bohemia ■' mv emfiri!Se+lan threaten other parts of sustained hv d painful and irreparable losses devotion and readiness for any self-sacrifice- a reliance on the courage of my amy, whS even misfortune cannot subdue-a reliance upon
SENDING BAD MEAT TO TIlE LONDON MARKET. At the Guildhall on Thursday, John Seabrook, a butcher, residing at Chelmsford, was summoned before Alderman Einnis by tha Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London, fer sending to the London market for sale the carcase of a pig that was unfit for food. It appeared that the defendant sent to Mr. Titmars, a highly respectable salesman of Newgate-market, the carcass of a pig, on the 30th of May, which was in
WOMAN AND HER HUSBAND. At the Thames Police-court, Thomas Cockerill, aged 43, described as a labourer, of No. 12, George-street, Salmon's-lane, Limehouse, was charged with being drunk, disorderly, and assaulting Priscilla, his wife. The complainant, an industrious woman, had come into possession of £ 200, a legacy from her mother, who was desirous that a freehold house should be purchased with the money, and that her daughter, son-in-law, and grandchildren should be provided with a. home from which they could
FACTS AND FACETI2E. The musician who can make his hearers forget time may be excused for not keeping it. A Paradox,-When a shoemaker is lag to make a boot, the first thing he uses is the last. A fashionable party is now called a daughter- cultural show." o ut When is literary work like smoke? When it comes in volumes. A gentleman who had borrowed money of all his friends, at last applied to an old Quaker, who said, Friend
The inquest on Mrs. Warder, wife of the doctor who lately committed suicide at Brighton, was re- T cc"icluded on Monday. The evidence Wf of an interesting and conclusive oaaraoter Amongst the witnesses were Drs. Taylor anci V/ilka. These gentlemen had analysed the contents of the stomach and examined the intestines generally of the deceased. They not only failed to aiaooyor any trace of mineral or vegetable poisons, but also failed to see anything which would account for death. The
THE COURT. -+- THE Queen is at Osborne. Her Majesty has held several Privy Council meetings there. Daring their stay at Osborne the Qaeen walked and rode out very frequently with Prince Christian, her Majesty's new son-in-law, and with the Princess his wife. We should here mention that the Princess Louis of Hesse has been safely delivered of a princess. DIVINE service was performed on Sunday morning at Osborne by the Rev. George Protheroe, before her Majesty, Princess Louise, Prince
POLITICAL GOSSIP. MR. HENIW WE-ITSIOBE, M.P. for Bridgnorth, and 'Sir 'Graham Montgomery, M.P. for Peebleshire, will be, it is stated. Lords of the Treasury. A SUBSCRIPTION is in progress amongst the mem- bers of the Liberal majority of the House of Commons for the purpose of presenting a testimonial to the Right. Hoc. Henry Brand, M.P., late Secretary of the Treasury, iu. feoognition of his services in connection with the party for several years, THE Irish Times says:-The Right Hon.
Marriage in High Life.-The marriage of the Earl of Brecknock, M.P., eldest son of the Marquis Camden, with Lady Clementina Spencer Churchill, youngest daughter of the late and half-sister of the present Duke of Marlborough, was solemnised on Thursday morning at St. James's Church, Picca- dilly. The nuptial ceremony was performed by the Bishop of Oxford. The bride, who was given away by the Duke of Marlborough, was attended to the altar by eight youthful brides- maids. At the conclusion
THE ARTS, LITERATURE, &e. THE history of Joan of Arc, the Maid of Orleans, has just been written at length by a lady, Harriet Parr. The infamy of her death appears to rest chiefly with the French. Princes of her own nation," says Miss Parr, "betrayed her to death, and priests of her own nation accomplished her death." MR. MURRAY has issued in a lucky moment a little book called "Memorials of the Tower of London," by Lieut-General Lord De
The Cession of Venetia. Austtia. conquered, ruined, and incapable of struggling against Prussia and Italy, tries to reduea Italy to inaction by a cession to a third Power, which is an outrage onus; and she hopes to reassume the defensive against Prussia afoer having isolated her. This is a fresh insult, which Austria will discount as she has discounted so many others. The Italian Government cannot admit that Venice can be ceded to France; neither can Italy receive Venice as
The Lata Government. How far Mr. Gladstone is primarily answerable for j the many disadvantages un^er j had to act during this session depends lae par- he took in the Cabinet before the meetm., of Ptuliamen^, and of hi? conduct as leader of the J-IOTSS of Commons it is unnecessary to speak. The past iS past, and we have now t» pay attention to tne present, and look forward to the future. Liberated from ouieiai engage- ments, Mr. Gladstone will
The Derby Policy. Lord Derby's Ministerial programme is too meagre to reward, or even to afford, matter for discussion. Commonplaces about the blessings of peace, and the dntv of neutrality; and compliments to the United States-which show only how highly the Conservative chief admires snccess even in a demoeratic Republic -scarcely constitute an exposition of foreign policy. In domestic matteis we are promised that the law of bankruptcy shall le grappled with, and that Mr. Gathorne Hardy, wlom, on the
Mr. Eyre and his Accusers. The Jamaica Committee hid a stirring sitting on Monday, to discuss Mr. C. Buxton's letter resigning the chairmanship, and condemning the prosecution of Mr. Eyre by the committee fpr murder. Mr. Buxton defended himself on the ground we explained last week, that he thought such aproseontion would turn public feeling in favour of lfr. Eyre, and make a martyr of him. Mr. Bright Eaid that he felt towards Mr. Buxton much as a friend of
01J}1 MISCELLANY. --+- Byron.-"He is a worldlj and vain writer, I fear," said Air. Lyon. Ho knew searcely anything of the poet, whose books embodied the faith and ritual of many young ladies and gentlemen. A misanthropic debauchee," said Felix, lifting a chair with one hand, and holding the book open in the other, "whose notion of a hero was that he should disorder his stomach and despise mankind. His corsairs and rene- gades, his Alps and Manfreds, are the
WILLiS AND BEQUESTS. The will of General George Powell Higglnson, colonel of the 94th Foot, of Wilton-crescent, Belgrave- square, waa proved in London, on the 5th ult., by his son, Mr. George Wontworth Alexander Higginson, the acting executor, power being reserved to his relict, the Eight Hon. Lady Frances Elizabeth Higginson, daughter of the first Earl of Kilmorey. The gallant general had greatly distinguished himself in several engagements, and was for many years a stair officer, and attained to the
Derbye hys Straite Fytte. We go," Lord Darbye sayd, "I wot, To battel at short call. Sirrah, what armour hast thou got To harness me withal ? Some newer mail I fain wolde trye (An ytt were not too deere) a Than this, which hath bsene layinge In halle these seven long years.' Lo here," my lord," Disraeli said, I With standard on ytts cre8t8, The helmet for your lordschipp's head; Thys corselet for youre breasto And here, syr, is
Oft in the Chilly Night. Oft in the chilly night Ere slumber's chain hath bound me, I puil the blankets tight, And tuck them clase around ins. Yet often still Feel dreadful chill Without of warmth a token, From bitter winds. ^Through tatterld blinds Ana window-shutters broken So iu the chilly night, Ere slumber's chain hath bound I ptai the blankets tight »• And tuck thelll close around me When I remsmber all The times in wintry weather, That sheets
A Dangerous Habit. The man who rushed np Alma's height Agaiust the Russian's gathered might, Fought bravely for old England's right. And yet he enters deadlier strife, With greater danger to his life, Who eats his green peas-with his knifa. A OIIAJIGE Or EOSKING." -The Scotch papers retail a story about a cow, which, being inMoatrose the other day, suddenly dashed up the stebs of tàe. gaol, and battered to be let in. Of course, a Scotch moft could not
DENTAL SURGERY. ARTIFICIAL TEETH and PAINLESS DEN- TISTR Y, as shewn, and Specially Commended in Class 17, INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. A t tendance in the Principality for the last 30 Years MR. LEWIN MOSELY; DENTIST, 30, BERNERS-STREET, LONDON ESTABLISHED 1820. APPOINTMENTS FOR 1862. MONMOUTH.-Every fourth THURSDAY, at Mr. J. Powell's, Plumber, Monnow-street. Next Visit, Thurs. day, October 9. ABERGAVENNY.-livery ALTERNATE TUESDAY, at Mr. Harris', saddler, next door to the Angel Hotel. Next Visit Tuesday, October 7, and Tuesday Oct. 12. NEWPORT.-Every
Proverbial Foolosophy. CasHes in the air have no foundation but in some delusive schemes you will find abasement. Limited companies corrupt good manners, for they never return a call. The way to make a hole in your income is to pay a large rent. The largest tin-tacks must be the income-tax, for that's a regular nailer! Resignation is a virtue that is often made a nZCÐa- eity of in the political world. ERIGEAUMATIC. BATHEE, After Dr. Johnson. If a man
WEST MIDLAND RAILWAY-MONMOUTH & USK, and NEWPORT ABERGAVENNY & HEREFORD SECTION.-OCT. j ft WEEK DjYS SUNDAYS WEEK DAYS SUNDAYS 123 123 1&2 t&2 123 123 123 123 123 123 12 3 123 1&2 123 1&2 123 133 123 12J FROINJE, class class class pass class class class class class FROM class class class class class class, class class clss class am am am tm pin p m pmampm am am ampmpmpmpmpm am pm HEREFORD 8 45 9 55 11 25
t- Sd^e? £ ay Hilary Allen was tried at the J Courij charged with perjury. It- will J" • fcs&eted that this woman charged a Mr. Moseley rpt y ^saaltisg her in a railway carriage, ~e Iai3iV charge was established at the police- coart. ana this indictment was preferred against the ( Woman in consequence. The jury found her guilty, wuh an extraordinary recommendation to mercy. She wa.a sentenced to five years' penal servitude. The j Prisoner, oa hearing her
NEWPORT, PONTYPOOL,#BLAEN AVON RAILWAY UP-TRAINS. WEEK DAYS. SUNDAYS. STARTINGFROllI am pm pm pm am pm NEWPORT. 9 15 1 50 5 08 09 30 7 0 Lantarnam. 9 21 1 56 5 68 6 9 36 7 6 Cwmbran 9 25 2 0 5 10 8 10 9 40 7 10 Pontnewydd 9 29 2 4 5 14 8 14 9 44 7 14 Pontrhydyrun 9 33 2 8 5 18 8 18 9 48 7 18 Pontypool. 9 50
STEAM PACKET TABLES. Bristol & Chepstow. Bristol & Newport Ontnher From From From From- Bristol. Chepstow. Bristol. Newport 1 Wednes. 9m. 2|a. 11J morn 11 morn 9| morn 2 2 2 Ontnher From From From From- Bristol. Chepstow. Bristol. Newport 1 Wednes. 9m. 2|a. 11J morn 11 morn 9| morn 2 Thursday 4 after 9 morn 12f after 11 morn 3 Friday 12J after 10 m,3 a. 2 after 1 after 4 Saturday It after 4 after 3 after 2
« MISSING." I A Sketch of the American War. (C There's no other way, Mary. I shall have to go I" He said the words as if pronouncing his own doom, i and so she received them. There was silence between the two who so loved each other; if the thing were inevitable there was nothing to be said. Henceforth only endurance was possible. Mary was the first to speak. Are you quite sure P" she said, not expecting, only
I STATIONERY of all kinds Account Books ruled and made to any pattern; and Peripdical Publica- tions supplied by J. H. CLABK, Usk. < NEW MARKET STREET, USK. JAMES FOX, SEEDSMAN AND FLORIST, BEGS most respectfully to acquaint the Public of Usk and its Neighbourhood that he has COMMENCED BUSINESS as above, and he trusts that by supplying SEEDS of the best descrip- tion, and by punctual attention to the commands of his customers, to obtain a share of the
EPITOME OF NEWS. London was visited by another thunderstorm on Friday evening. A thunderbolt fell on the church of St. Matthew, Essex-road (late Lower-road). Although the weathercock was shattered to splinters, and the conductor broken, the electric fluid fortunately escaped without injuring the structure of the building. Some amusement waa caused at the Liverpool Police-court on Tuesday by the prosecutor in a. case of intimidation being placed side by side with the pri- soner in the case. It appeared that
OUR MISCEJ^ij.AWY. .-+-- After-Dinner Speeches.-I hope a day will soon arrive when we shall have the speeches done by a skilled waiter at the side table, as we now have the carving. Don't you find that you splash the gravy, that you mangle the meat, that you can't nick the joint in helping the company to a dinner speech? 1, for my own part, own that I am in a Mate of tremor and absence of mind before the operator;:
Indian Bulletins. Mr. Laing has delivered a long and able speech upon the blunders of the Home Government of India. Upon inquiring, the following pnorning, at the residence of Sir Charles Wood, Punch i»uiid that tha right honourable gentleman was quite as well as could be expected, inas- much as he had been reading the speech for seven hours only, and therefore of course had not as yet been able to understand it. (A Laier Account") Sir Charles Wood has
MX TSA, OR DIN A B Y AND MYSTERIOUS AFFAIR IN MILE-WED. An inquiry was held by Mr. Humphreys, coroner, at the Crown and Seeptre Tavern, Charles. street, Milo- end Old Town, on-.Wednesday, relative to the death, under very singular circumstances, of two new-born children, the illegitimate offspring of a young woman named Emily Warner. Jane Warner, a widow residing at 8, St. James- street, Mile-end, said that the two deceased were the children of her daughter Emily, a bead-worker,
Trostrey Hill Farm, Two miles from the town of Usk. MS. JAMES GRAHAM, Jun has been favoured with instructions from Mrs. Catherine Knight, to SELL by PUBLIC AUCTION, On Thursday, the 21st of September, 1865, The whole of her very superior FARMING STOCK, Implements of Husbandry, Hay, Clover, Corn, Roots, &c., &c. Particulars in future Advertisements. Dated, 17th August, 1865. Gr -A. Js/L DEJ \TOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that the GAME IN on His Grace the Duke of Beaufort's under-
An Exhibition Rhyme. {Slightly improved from the original.) What is the truth about Francis Cadogan, What was the service he did Monsieur V. ? Is the bankrupt Restaurateur only humbugging, Or did he retain Master Frank with a fee ? On his scutcheon there's just A smear of rust, Which he'll promptly scrub from its face-we trust. POLITICAL PRECAUTION.-Lord Derby has just become a Colonel of Volunteers. Lord Palmerston sent his respectful compliments to the Leader of Opposition, and hoped
ATTEMPTED MJJRDER AND SUICIDE IN SOHO. On Monday Mr. C. St. Clair Bedford, coroner for Westminster, held an inquiry in St. Ann's vestry-room, Dean-street, Soho, relative to the death of William It y.Fko committed suicide after having attempted 1 of a youn £ woman with whom he had co« habited, the attempted murder and suicide being com- mitted almost in the presenca of deceased's wifa, and at his residence. The jury having viewed the body in the dead-house, the following
LOCAL AGENTS: Abergavenny Mr J S Meredith, Bookseller Abersychan .Mr E Martin, Druggist Blaenavon Mr J Pope, Druggist Chepstow .Mr W E Clark, Bookseller Monmouth Mr. W. Spencer, Druggist. Newport Mr T J Jones, Chemist, High St. pontypool .Mr T Roderick, Druggist. Usk Mr, J, H. Clark.
The Last New Knight. .,So, learned Bob Philliinore's knighted. All right! But knights should possess designations: And Sir Bob shall be known in the tourney, or fight, As the Knight of the Latin quotations. ■ -
Sold Wholesale by Messrs. BARCLAY & SON, LONDON, and Retail by all Medicine Yendors, N.B.-To meet the convenience of persons at a distance, J. 1I. CLARK, Usk, will forward a box, Free by Post, for fourteen p. itagre stamps. g. Chepstow PloweT Show. -- i rpHE SECOND GRAND FETE for this Season f JL Will be held in the Castle, 1 On Wednesday, September 6th, 1865. I Doors open at 1.30 p.m., and close at 5 p.m. V Admission at
STOPPAGE OF THE BIRMINGHAM BANKING COMPANY. A telegram from Birmingliram on Friday Right says:- J nst now, nearly midnight, it has been determined that the Birmingham Banking Company will not open its doors to-morrow. It had three-fourths of all the accounts of the greatest of the trading community of this district, To say that, is to give some idea of the extent and severity of the calamity. At this late hour we cannot enter into the details of the circumstances
THE ARTS, LITERATURE, &E. It THE Pope has ordered pliotographs to be taken of his 258 predecessors, from portraits both in the Vatican col- lections and the Papal mosaic manufactory. Pe^agna is the artist intrusted with thi3 task. AN account of the present position of affairs in the Cotton Districts will be published in a few days. A COLLECTION of documents relating to the Seven Years' War, and the military events of the last years of Louis XV.'s reign, formerly
CHEPSTOW. THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BOARD.At a meeting held at. the Local Board Office on Friday, the 18th inst.-present: Air. Thomas Perkins (chairman), and Messrs. John Sharp, John Hall, Richard Hawkesford, Thomas Sargent, W. P. Thomas, and John Morgan-after the minutes of the last meeting had been read and signed, the Surveyor said be should require 94 12s. for the payment for labour during the next fortnight, and a cheque was accordingly drawn. The Surveyor reported that Messrs. Finch and Heath
EPITOME OF MEWS. A party of fifteen New Zealanders, described as "Maori warriors," arrived in Sydney.by the Gazelle on the 27th ultimo. They are brought up from Auckland in the interest of a gentleman who purposes introducing them to the Australian public in a series of dramatic entertainments, illustrative of the Anglo-Maori war.- Australian paper. Andrew Gray, a reporter for a weekly London paper, was on Tuesday found guilty at the Central Criminal Court of having published a libel on
PARLIAMENTARY JOTTINGS. --+-- THE Derby-Disraeli Administration have made their bow to the public. All but one of the new ministers in the House of Commons have been re-elected, and for a Tory Government they are accounted strong, that is to say, if wealth and ability can make a Government strong, but whether their policy will agree with the opinions of the country is another matter. Albeit, it is agreed on all sides that they shall have a trial, and when
ABERSYCHAN. MISSIONAP-T SOCIETY.-We observe that A meeting will be held on the evening of Monday next at the British School-room, in aid of the British and Foreign Bible Society, the Rev. Dr. James, of Panteg, attending, as deputation. This society deserves every encouragement from members of the Church of England, as well as from dissenters gene- rally. Its claims upon the religious world are great, and its operations exceed that of any similar institution. We anticipate a good meeling, as
GARNDIFF AITH. FORESTERS' ANNIVERSARY.-The lodge of the ancient order of Foresters meeting at Host and Brother Rees Jcnes's, of the Hanbury Arms Inn, held their annual. feast on Monday. Headed by the Abertillery brass band, and with twenty-six members mounted on horseback, decorated in the picturesque Robin Hood style, they marched (about 150 strong) through Abersychan, calling at the residence of Joseph Williams, Esq., and at Mr. Richards', White Hart Inn, and afterwards marched back, calling upon Edward Jones, Esq.,
THE COURT. A CORRESPONDENT from Gotha says that this exercise the Queen frequently takes in the healthy districts of the Thnringen Forest; has made already a marked improve- ment in the health of her Majesty.' The Queen drives or walks out several times during the day, and always for a long time after breakfast and lunch. The few showery days that have occurred during the time the Queen has oeen at Rheinhardtsbrunn have not interfered with the Queen's custom in
MELANCHOLY DEATH OF A PHYSICIAN. Mr. St. Claire Bedford held an inquest on Tuesday at the new Vestry.hall, St. Jaimes's, Piccadilly, re- specting the death of Mr. Joseph Toynbee, physician of Savilla-row, Burlington-gardens. The interest taken in tha case was such as to cause a large attend- anco of medical men. It was shown in evidence that deceased was in the habit of making experiments upon himself with chloroform. His object was to extend its use as a curative agent.
MONMOUTH. POORS' RATE.-A rate for the relief of the poor, at lq. in the pound, was granted for this parish by the magis- trates in petty sessions, on Saturday last. FIRE.-On the morning of Monday last, a fire broke out in the warehouse of Mr. James Edmonds, St. Mary Street. The warehouse, which arijoins t be premises of Mr. Joseph Addis, green-grocoT, bad not been entered since the pre- vious Saturday, the origin of the fire therefore, up to the
EXTRAORDINARY CHARGE OF FORGERY. Luther Yeates, a middle-aged man, residing at No. 1, Langport-place, Camberwell, and lately carrying on the business of an accountant, at No. 14,. Tokenhouse-yard, Lothbury, on Friday was placed at the bar of the Mansion House, before the Lord Mayor, to undergo a further ex- amination upon a charge of forging and uttering certain deeds, purporting to have been signed by Admiral Sir John West, G.C.B., with intent to defraud Lieut. Colonel John Temple West,, of
'J THE PRIZES WON AT WIMBLVWM. 8 The first prize competed for at ath| Prinee of Wales's Prise, -2100 in pla °r f^y» and I ^100 added by the association in .ef?h> only open to winners of silver ^mbl6dra .a 10* y medals, and won since last, T, „]m „ r n St^*geY Challenge. Vase, firat a 45 points.^ ^The$}peted for> 7 ehota%t 500 yards, At its close Lieutenant Chap- e PPen *° North Yorkshire, stood first, with a man,
LLANG0 YEN. HOUSEBREAKING.-On the tort-noon of Saturday last, a cottage occupied by a blacksmith of the name of Pritchard, in this parish, was entered, during the absence of the family, by two tramps, and 5s. m money and two pocket- handkerchiefs stoleu therefrom. On the same evening a shirt was taken from the garden hedge of John Davies, in the parish of Gwernesney, it is supposed, by the same 1n- dividuals. Pritchard saw the men coming from his cottage, when
The inundation of the Kile," says a letter from Alexandria, is following its regular course, and an abundant harvest may now be calculated on." -==
Other District Intelligence on Stll, Page CORRESPONDENCE. Under this head our columns are open to all who do not violate the rules of propriety, and who send us their names, not necessarily for publication, bu.t as a faith. It must be dis- tinct I v understood that we do not hold wrsnves responsible for opinions expressed by correspondents under tins head.- t-d U. O.J To the Editor of the "USK OBSERVER."
It. Seduction in Tkiiy, EomfonarSi Teas are bow supplied by the Agerita per lb, Every G-mmw Pack$t is signed Romiman & Co/' Joba Cosnell and Co.'a Cherry Tooth Paste, prio# Is. fii Oeoidadly the best preparation for cleansing and preserving the tesih. I fioliibjaii psrfusiers auu sheaujsta.-ls/Xarije Fdaa-sS-j iiomUara-sfc, E.G.
MR. WINDHAM AND HIS WIFE. 1 ?Ir- F- Windham, aged 22, was placed in the dock before Mr. Dayman, at the Hammersmith Police-court, on Thursday charged on a warrant granted by Mr. Ing- ham, on Wednesday, with threatening to cut his wife's throat, whereby she went in bodily fear. Mr Lewis, of Great Marlborough-atreet, appeared on behalf of the complainant. Mr. Windham, who had been brought fron: Windsor by Acres, one of the warrant officers of the court, was undefended.
gIK) Allow me to correct an error which appeared in your impression of last week respecting the monster pic-nic at Caet- leon. Your esteemed correspondent, after speaking of the various amusements, contemptuously added that there were only 300 people on the field, whereas I confidently assert there were 600 there-nearly 350 sat down to tea. I hope, for the future, that my esteemed friend will confine himself to the truth, then the public will better appreciate his reports. I am,
[TEE OUTRAGE ON A LADY AT BEADING. At the Oxford Cironit Assizes, held at Abingdon on Wednesday, beforeMr. Justice Shee, Neville Maskelyne Toomer, a widower, between 30and40yeais, of gentle- manly appearance, wag placed at the bar, charged with committing a rape on Georgiaca Tartridge, at Beading, on the 11th of June last. Mr. Sawyer and Mr. R. Harington conducted the ease for the prosecu- tion; Mr. Huddleston, Q.C., with Mr. J. O. Griffits, appeared for the defence. The prisoner, a
THE ROUPELL FORGERIES. Although the charge of forgery against the prisoner, William Roupell, has been thus far disposed of by his pleading guilty and being sentenced to penal servitude, ,there appears to be very little doubt that there will still be a large amount of litigation before the matter is finaUr disposed of, and as, in all probability Mr. Roupell will have to appear on many future occasions as a witness, it is expected that he will remain in Newgate
