A VERY pleasant game of football was played last week between the old and present Rugbeians. The School had a very slight superiority over their oppo- nents in point of numbers, but, as usual, the old Rugbeians more than made up for this numerical inferiority by their superior strength and size. The toss was won by the old Rugbeians, who took the island goal; consequently the School kicked off, and, for about ten minutes, managed to keep the ball close to their opponents' goal, till at length a long drop of Poole's took the ball into touch-in-goal. Tkis seemed only to incite the old Rugbeians, for, after taking the ball out, they followed up with such a burst, that they soon touched the ball down in the School goal. J. Davenport took it out and placed it for Fisher, who made a splendid try at goal, but the ball slightly rolled before he kicked it. After this, nothing decisive took place for a long time, till the School at last got the ball near their opponents'goal, when Macleod, by a clever piece of play, dropped the ball into the hands of Vonables (back) who ran in. A try at goal was made by Langhorne, but it was unsuccessful. Soon after this, Macleod again obtained the ball, and dropped a good goal for the School. The Old Rugbeians changed overhand soon showed that they intended to play a very different game. Their superior weight began to tel-l, and after repeated touches in goal they managed to touch the ball down, though a long way from the goal-posts. Case punted out, the ball was caught, and a drop at goal made by Haines. There was some little dispute about the goal, but, to avoid wasting time, the Old Rugbeians gave it up, and were soon rewarded by another touch-down, right between the goal-posts, and a goal was kicked by Lloyd. This ended the match, as it was too dark to go on, and most of the Old Rugbeians had to return to Oxford and Cambridge the same evening. The ground was crowded by fair spectators, and strangers who came down by train from all quarters to see the match. The play was exceedingly good, considering the numbers on both sides. THE Journal des Chasseurs contains an anecdote of the Marquis do Varagne, of sporting celebrity, which is rather amusing. In 1845 the Marquis made an excursion to Italy for the purpose of shooting snipe in the Pontine Marshes. Whilst enjoying the sport, he met with an Englishman who was similarly engaged. This latter personage was a tall, thin indi- vidual, with a red beard; but a thorough gentle- man," adds the Marquis, who speedily made his ac- quaintance. They were examining each other's guns, when the Englishman remarked, Ah! this is a won- derful double of mine; but one must understand the piece, and, above all, load it in the English way. Englishmen are the only people who can load a gun properly." "Have the goodness to explain your method, monsieur," said the Marquis. The fact of the matter is this," said the Briton; you French- men ram down the powder as hard as you can, and let the shot lie quite loose on the top of it. That is alto- gether wrong. You ought, on the contrary, to let the powder be loose, and to ram the shot well home. Oh, yes he added, it's only Englishmen who know how to load a gun, and I will bet X200 there is not a single Frenchman who can shoot as well as I can." i" Will you! said the Marquis; then, as a French- man, I accept your wager, monsieur! Next day they went out shooting together; each of them was to have twelve shots. The Englishman killed twelve snipe. The Marquis killed eleven, but the twelfth was only slightly wounded, and got off; there- fore he lost the wager. I knew it would be so," said the son of Albion; "no Frenchman can shoot so well as I can; and it is only Englishmen who know how to load a gun." 11 Bat, monsieur," remarked the marquis, will permit me to have my revenge ? I will wager double the first sum in double the number of shots." The next day the marquis killed his twenty-four snipe in twenty-four shots, while the Englishman only bagged nineteen, Quite beside himself with vexation, he declared it was all a chance, and that a really good shot could only show his prowess on partridges, And I am quite certain," he added, that no French- man can shoot so well as I can, and that it is only Englishmen-" Do me the honour, monsieur, in- terrupted the marquis, to accompany me to my estate in the south of France. There is abundance of part- ridges. If monsieur still likes to make a wager, it will give me great pleasure." A fortnight afterwards they were busy shooting partridges, and again the English- man lost. Still he would not acknowledge that he had found his master. "You shoot very well," he said to the marquis, "but that is because you know the ground; for I am quite certain that no Frenchman can shoot so well as I can, and that it is only English- men who know how to load a gun." A GENTLEMAN from the neighbourhood of Newport Pagnell says During the month of October I saw two pairs of rooks busy with the work of incubation, and heard the young ones distinctly; one nest was within fifty yards of my house, and the other in a tree which has not been used for building purposes before. I shall be glad to know if this has been ob- served in any other locality-having asked many people who have lived near rookeries all their lives, but they never knew of a similar instance." Instances, how- ever, are not rare of rooks, when their nests have been disturbed in the spring, building again either in the summer or the autumn. A GENTLEMAN writing to our sporting contemporary says: "Most readers of the Field will recollect the great weasel story of Kirkby Lonsdale, when a man who was fishing was much annoyed by a weasel chattering at him, and struck it with his rod, thereby breaking the top joint; while mending which he was attacked by a large drove of these savage little beasts, who would have made an end of him had it not been for a carrier parsing by, who unloosed his bulldog, and with his assistance rescued the almost victim to restless nerves. The story is perfectly true, and my friend Mr. Gillbanks knows the man who was attacked, and also his rescuer. While at Gilsland the other day, my friend Mr. Dodd informed me of another instance of weasels going in packs. He was at dinner in his shooting-box, at Wardrew, when his attention was excited by a most extraordinary noise, something like the music of a kennel at feeding time. On going out to ascertain the cause he saw an enormous drove of hundreds of weasels going in a sort of procession down the road; so long did they take in their massage that he had time to send for a tenant of his (Mr. Walsh) with whose assistance a very large number of the vermin were distroyed. This wholesale emigration of weasels is a most extraordinary fact, and one difficult to account for. Perhaps some reader of the Field who has studied their habits may be able to give us some insight into its cause." ANOTHER correspondent of the same paper gives the following warning to gentlemen using cartridges On my return from shooting the other day," he says, "I proceeded to remove, as usual, the loaded cartridges from my gun. One adhered so tightly that I was obliged to have recourse to the cartridge drawer. Whilst in the act of pulling, the cartridge exploded, injuring my hand most severely, and covering my face with powder marks. The cause of the accident is clelr enough. The copper stud in this instance must have been in contact with the annotating powder in the cap, and the very slight friction produced by pull- ing at the stud was sufficient to cause the explosion. I have performed this operation many times with impunity, but you may readily believe I shall never attempt it again, and I should strongly advise my fellow-sportsmen, as they value their right hands, to fire off a tight-fitting cartridge before attempting to meddle with it." 
TALKING about volunteers, there is a good deal of speculation just now as to whether all are Scotchmen in the Scottish corps, or Irighmen in the Irish. A con- temporary says Not half the so-called London-Irish are Irishmen or even the sons of Irishmen. This is not the fault of the Marquis of Donegal, who is most careful in the recruitment that goes on under his own eyes, but he is not at head-quarters always. A vast number of indiscriminate conscripts has been abserbed into the regiment in a bulk from the Army Clothing Factory at Pimlico. In consequence you must not be shocked if you meet pure Wiltshire where you expect racy Tipperary. Apropos of this blending of the nationalities a good story is told. A gentleman ap- plied one day to be permitted to join. Are you an Irishman ?" said the Sergeant-Major. The gentleman gave a negative shake of the head. "Per- haps you have some property in Ireland, a grandmother an Irishman, or some connection with the country ?" continued the sergeant-major, not willing to lose a respectable-looking recruit. There was an ominous pause of some minutes' duration. By Jove 1" ex- claimed the aspirant, with a sudden gleam, "I'm never without a couple of dozen of Jamieaon's best 'old Dublin' in my cellar." "Swear him in," said the Marquis, who happened to be present; "if you were born out of Ireland, sir, you were born out of your nativecountry." And he was forthwith naturalised, and subsequently was promoted to the epaulettes, a,nd became one of the most zealous officers in the corps, so much so that he used to check the bandmaster if be ventured to patronise airs not distinctively Hiber- nian. A GREAT match at football was played last week between eleven picked men of the Sheffield Club and eleven Londoners, in Battersea-park. Some little time ago the Sheffield Club sent a challenge to the Londoners to play them a game, association rules, and the present match was the result. The laws of the association, as amended a short time ago, were in force, and worked very well indeed, showing that the changes then made were most judicious. Play com- menced at a quarter past three o'clock on Saturday. Sheffield having won the toss, had choice of goal, and took the western end of the ground, whatever wind there was being in their favour. Pember, kicked off for London, and after a quarter of an hour's very brisk play a goal was kicked for London by E. C. Morley. Sides were then changed, and after a few minutes' ulay Barnes made a touch down for London, and then the ball was cleverly run down by Martin and a goal kicked by Alcook for London; it was, however, dis- allowed, as he was stated to be offside, and in conse- quence of this check, play was resumed with greater vigour than ever, but Barnes soon afer obtained another touch down for London. Ten minutes after, Martin kicked a goal for London, and sides were again changed. Tebbutt in a very short time obtained a touch down in the midat of a tremendous shower of rain, and some fine scrimmages took place in front of the Sheffield goal, the spectators cheering vociferously. A. Baker obtained another touch down for London, and the ball was nearly the whole time close to the Sheffield goal; when it was kicked out, about ten minutes before the time for ceasing to play, and a heavy shower of rain was falling, although it was sug- gested to leave off, the Sheffield men said they would play on until the whole time had elapsed, and con- tinned the game pluckily to the end. For Sheffield Dhesterman played well, and Baker was remarkable for his play-here, there, and everywhere. After the sonclusion of the game, the two sides met at dinner it the Albion, Covent-garden, where Pember, after bhe usual toasts, proposed the health of the Sheffield Club, and Chesterman replied. Pember then pro- posed Football," coupling it with the name of AI. Jock. Morley and O'Leary spoke in favour of foot- ball, and a very pleasant evening was spent. The lollowing are the sides London-A. Pember, captain President of Football Association); - Kinnaird, Wanderers; C. W. Alcook, Wanderers; E. D. Elphin- stone, Civil Service; D. M. O'Leary, Barnes:; J. A. Barnes, Barnes'; A. Baker, N.N.s.; Tebbutt, N.N.s.; I E. C. Morley, Barnes; Martin, Wanderers; R. Willis, Barnes. For Shem eld- W. Chesterman, cap- tain; W. W. Chambers, A. A. Dickson, A. Wright- man, F. Knowles, J. Knowles, J. Denton, W. Baker, R. Shephard, J. D. Webster, and J. C. Shaw. 
SPORTS AND PASTIMES. 0 A SALMON was caught this week at Montrose which deserves an obituary notice, as it was a monster unparalleled. It weighed 501bs., was 53 inches long, and 29 inches in girth. It was odd no one thought of it as a fit Royal present. IT is now generally admitted that many of the ladies who are followers of old Izaak Walton are quite as expert in salmon fishing as their lords, Lady Pigott, of Suffolk, ranking the highest in such piscatorial pursuits. PAIITKIEG-ES are plentiful throughout England generally, but, in consequence of the great drought, there is little cover for the birds, and the sportsman has gieat difficulty in getting near to them. In Cornwall they are, for the most part, remarkably fat and strong on the wing. Some heavy bags have already been made, but sportsmen have to act with great caution, owing to the forward condition of the birds. In the east, more especially, the birds are found very strong on the wing, and are remarkably wild, owing to the want of cover. Mr. C. Nunn, of Farnham, near Bury St. Edmunds, bagged forty-one brace of birds and several bares and rabbits in the course of a long day's sport. From Yorkshire it is stated that, as the harvest is not so forward, there has been more cover for the birds. Good bags have been made in this part of the country, and partridges have been selling at 2s. 6d. per brace. THE great Doncaster race meeting has ever been considered only second in importance in the sporting world to the week in which the Derby is run on Epsom Downs, and perhaps there has been as much specula- tion upon the great St. Leger this year as at any former period. The horses which figured prominently in the betting were the first three in the Derby, but Scottish Chief being scratched, Blair Athol and Gene- ral Peel were neck and neck in the estimation of specu- lators. At the last moment the Miner beat the Derby winner at York, who allowed him 71bs. Without taking that into consideration, he was soon quoted at 10 to 1; 7, 8, and even 5 to 1 being taken about him before the day, whilst Ely and Baragah carried heaps of money for their owners and friends. Outsiders were backed at extraordinarily long prices, for it appeared to be a foregone conclusion that the race must fall to the five first-named. The generality of persons well informed in these matters believed the contest for the prize would only be a match between Blair Athol and General Peel. The following were the principal prophesies in the sporting papers Touch- stone," in the Era, was strongly prepossessed in favour of Blair Athol and General Peel, and was the most inclined to Ely, Miner, Baragah, and Coast Guard for the remainder. From the fact of Bara- gah being so recently amiss, and the demonstration that had apparently set in so strongly against him, he did not think him so taking as the other three, one of whom he thought was bound to finish among the lead- ing trio. But he considered they were not so worthy of notice as Blair Athol and General Peel, and he thus anticipated the fiat of the judge Genera] Peel 1, Blair Athol 2, Ely 3. "Stable Mouse," in the same nancr. placed Minor 1, General Peel 2, Blair Athol 3. Observer," in the Field, con- cluded his review of the St. Leger candidates as follows" There will no doubt be important changes in the market before the race comes off, and which may affect the chances of several animals now in the background. But if the cracks of the day' remain in their positions, and run as they did in the Derby, I have a strong prepossession that the increased time, and the change in the course, will be so beneficial to General Peel as to enable him to verify the opinion both of his late and present trainer, of being by far the best three-year old of the season, and the most probable winner of the St. Leger. Next to him I think Miner will be discovered; but in spite of my doubts as to his staying, I should advise my readers to avoid taking any liberties with Blair Athol." The writer to Bell's Life said, "NVe cannot look beyond General Peel, Blair Athol, Miner, Ely, and Cambuscan for the actual winner. The lot is hard to choose between, the first two named being particularly troublesome; and the difficulty may best be got over, perhaps, by sticking to public form' and Blair Athol." "Orange Blossom," ii- the same paper, selects General Peel The Gem," Blair Athol and The Olympian," General Peel. Beacon," in the Sporting Gazette, thought the con- test ought to lie between Blair Athol, Miner, and General Peel; but as the latter had given indications that he was not gifted with the staying powers neces- sary to get a mile and three-quarters, he believed he should see Blair Athol effect the double victory; and that his most dangerous opponent would be the Miner. Rhyming Richard," in the same paper, selects Blair Athol; Cock Robin," Blair Athol; "Birmingham," General Peel; Troubadour," Blair Athol; Sitiens," Ely; PeepingTom," General Peel; and "East Riding," Gen. Peel. Augur," in the Sporting Life, considered the struggle confined to four-Blair Athol, Gen. Peel, Ely, andMinor; and, being bold enough to anticipate the judge, ventured to prognosticate the three first posi- tions as under:-Blair Athole 1, General Peel 2, Ely 3. Orlando," in the same paper, selected Miner. The writer in the Sunday Times, after reviewing the pre- tensions of the candidates, said the field was sure to be selected from the above, but not more than 17 or 18 may run. Of these we have a very great respect for Blair Athol and the overlooked Peon, but we cannot reconcile ourselves to the idea that either of them will make General Peel lower his colours, for he will have much greater advantages in the north than ever he had in the south, where he not only sweated profusely in his preliminary gallop for the blue riband, but was ridden to a stand-still in the race for that much-envied trophy. The result of the race was just as the generality of the prophets predicted, and proves the correctness of the Derby running. Blair Athol" was again first, and General Peel" second. 
A HUNDEED AND NINETY-ONE miles in three hours forty-three minutes is not bad travelling. A case of emergency occurred last week when that distance was donef from King's-cross to York. The engine should henceforth be called Black Bess. A FOOLISH wager has been made at a wine-shop on the Quay d'Orsay, which has resulted in death. At a breakfast. where the conversation turned on the quantity of drink which a person could take, a brick- layer, named Floreatin, made a bet that he would drink twelve glasses of wine while the clock of the Tuileries was striking twelve. He drank three glasses before the clock had struck three times. At the next glass he stopped to breathe. At the seventh he began to drink more slowly, but, making an effort, he drank off the eighth glass. He then turned very pale, and breathed with difficulty. His friends wished to stop the wager, but he said he would go on come what might, and swallowed the ninth glass. He had barely emptied the glass when he fell down senseless. A surgeon was sent for, but, in spite of all his efforts, the foolish man died in three hours. THE following humorous programme was sold at the Dramatic Fete on Saturday :- "POLICE.-ARREST OF A DANGEROUS GANG.-Miss Lydia Thompson, Miss Lydia Maitland, Miss E. Baf. ton, Mrs. Stirling, and many others, all well known to the public generally, were brought before the sitting magistrate at -BsaM-street, charged with obtaining money under false pretences; they were also accused of violence and of using strong language. "The prosecutor, Mr. Lavender Kydd, of Ken- sington-gardens, stated, that on the previous Satur- day he had visited the Crystal Palace accompanied by a friend. Incautiously he had taken a large sum of money with him, of which fact Miss Lydia Thompson had become aware. The result of his imprudence was very soon apparent, for happening to pass near that desperate young person, he was seized by her and immediately struck - all of a heap, if he might so express himself. While in this condititin he was shown a needle-case, and before he had time to make his escape five shillings were ex- tracted from him for the article. He had since been informed by his sister, to whom he had presented hia purchase, that it was not worth half-a-crown. The complainant went on to state that having made his escape from Miss Thompson, he was hastening to the door, when Mrs. Stirling stopped him, showing her teeth in so dangerous a manner that he was com- pelled to give a guinea for a. baby's cap, although he could assure his worship that he had not the slightest use for it. He was next assailed by Miss Bufton, who shot such a glance at him as to render him insensible to anything that happened afterwards. Upon re- covering consciousness the following morning he found himself very unwell and his money all gone. The pain about the region of the heart was still very acute. "Sergeant Farren, of the 0-(lympic)-Division, said that when she took the accused into custody, they were surrounded by gentlemen using shocking lan- guage. She distinctly heard 'pet' and 'darling' pro- ceed from the lips of one of the gang, although she could not say which of the prisoners had spoken the words. The prisoners, in defence, said that they did it to assist a number of brothers and sisters who were living in the country. Miss Thompson, who seemed ignorant of the danger of her position, saucily remarked that it was all fair in fair time! "The worthy magistrate said that the plea which the prisoners had set up induced him to discharge them this time, but he warned them he should not lose sight of them in future. The dangerous gang left the court with their friends, being heard to say that they would do it again next year." 
REMARKABLE "WHIST BET.-A record of the fol- lowing bowl fide bet at whist, made in the middle of the last century by two well-known gentlemen of "quality," is preserved in a curious manuscript book of bets belonging to a very old-established London club: - "Mr. Fanshawe and Captain Rodney agree, whenever they cut in at whist and are not together, whichever offers to bet fifty guineas, the other refusing is to forfeit one hundred guineas. December 12,1758." One is tempted to ask, says a contemporary, what can be the object of such a bet ? If two gentlemen wish to bet when opposed to each other, a verbal agreement ought to be sufficient. The fixing of a penalty in case either should fail to keep his word looks very much as though these two gentlemen each suspected the other of backing out when saddled with a bad partner, or when pursued by bad luck. That such a bet could be proposed without its being regarded as an insult, shows a singular contrast of feeling to that which prevails among mon of honour at the present day. A NOVEL EEL BAIT.-"Perhaps," says a corre- spondent in the Field, "you will be able to find room for a little anecdote told me by a Scotch gentleman. I am no fisherwoman (though, considering the bright example set us in the Highlands this year by her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, and other noble ladies, I think angling will become speedily fashionable), therefore you must kindly overlook any defective or unpiscatorial expressions I may use- attribute them, I pray, to my ignorance, coupled with a defective memory, for could I relate you the tale in my friend's graphic words I know it would tell well. He was fishing in Scotland-salmon fishing, and having succeeded in hooking a very fine fish, was not disposed to lose him by over haste in landing him, his line being rather weak so he allowed the fish to run, I think he called it, and he ran also, with the rod in his hand, along the banks of the river, with eyes fixed upon the line and the playing fish; he never looked at his feet. A little stream or freshet ran into the river, right across his path; in he stumbled, lost his footing, and fell over into the river, but never left hold of his rod; like a good coachman, he kept possession of the reins. His hat fell off. and, leaving it to its fate, he swam out, and finally landed the fish. He went back to seek his hat, met it floating down, and taking up a couple of stones flung them at it to try and bring it nearer shore. One of them fell in the hat (he is no shot), and sank it. Well," thought he, one ducking a day is enough, the dinner-hour is drawing near, my uncle's temper never improves by waiting, so hatless I will go," and go he did, salmon on shoulder, for several miles. A week afterwards, passing by the spot where his hat sank, he determined to have a dive for it, for the fan of the thing. In he plunged, and brought up his best hat, half full of silver eel", and he really assured me that he believed they wore attracted into the hat by the scent of the pomade he used for his hair, which he had purchased in Bond-street." THE ARAB V. THE ENGLISH RACER.-A corres- pondent of a contemporary, writing from Alexandria, says:-"Your racing readers may be interested in hearing that the much-vexed point as to the merits of English and Arab horses has just again been tried in Cairo. Ali Pasha, who has the finest stud of Arabs in Egypt, maintained that no English horse could run against an Arab for four miles. His Highness Halim Pasha offered to run Companion, a well-known racer here, against him for any sum he liked. The match was run from the first station on the Suez desert to Cairo. The English horse, which was bred, I believe, by Lord Ribbesdale, won in a canter by more than half a mile. Such a crushing defeat has taken all the courage out of the partisans of Arab horses. What astonished the natives most was that Companion, beating his adver- sary by so great a distance, was perfectly fresh, and quite ready to turn round and run the distance over again, while the Arab was quite exhausted and blown." THE ROD-FISHING IN THE TAY.-The Tay, says the Scotsman, is at present swarming with salmon, grilse, and trout, all of which arc in fine condition, and during the past week anglers have had excellent sport on the various stations between the mouth of the Almond and Cargill. Anglers are highly pleased with the proposal of the Salmon Fisheries Commissioners 'o to extend the rod-fishing in the Tay district till the 31st of October, and are unanimously of opinion that such extension will not be in the smallest degree detri- mental to spawning operations, as the fish are gene- rally clean till the beginning of November. The district fishery board, however, is of opinion that rod-fishing should end by the 30th September. The board likewise seem determined to limit rod-fishing as much as possible. The Doncaster Meeting; Racing events and the progress of the turf season must impress upon the minds of the public the silent advances of time; a "mellow September" brings us once more to the Doncaster meeting, which involves the world-famous struggle for the St. Leger. In the North, the Sellinger Day, as it is termed, is always regarded as one great district festival-and, perhaps, at no time since the race has been established (and it is now in its 87th year) has there been greater interest felt than on the present occasion. For the great event we give the various predic- tions that proceeded from the mouths of the prophets previous to the race :■- The writer to Bell's Life, after discussing the pre- tensions of Avenger, Queen Bertha, Ranger, Golden Pledge, Lord Clifden, Borealis, Blue Mantle, National Guard, Dr. Syntax, and Erin-go-Bragh, thus wound up his analysis:-" To sum up, we must plead to a preference for Avenger, Golden Pledge, and Borealis, of the favourites; and for National Guard, Erin-go- Bragli, and Dr. Syntax, of the outsiders; and a careful analysis of public form," the money put on the horse, and the good hands he is in, justify our giving the St. Leger of 1863 to Avenger." Three poetic prophets in the same paper had each their different fancies, the first selecting the Ranger, the second Lord Clifden, and the third Queen Bertha. "Touchstone," in the Era, said: We never knew this famed race to present a more open character, and that it has that aspect is evidenced by the price offered on the field, a much longer one than ought to be if The Ranger and Lord Clifden are all right, seeing that they have displayed the best form of the whole lot who have shown in public. Discarding Queen Bertha, and admitting that the good judges who have betted so heavily against the two others named may know more than us, we shall stand against the majority ef the favourites, and anticipate the judge's verdict as under:-The Avenger, 1; Blue Mantle, 2; and National Guard, 3." Stable Mouse," in the same paper thus concluded a rather lengthy squeak Putting this and that together, and then pulling 'em apart again, and then placing them face to face, and topsy turvey, and head over heels, this is my conviction as to the result of the St. Leger, that Queen Bertha and Golden Pledge will be first and second, with Borealis very close to them." "Observer," in the Field, after discussing the chances of those likely to show at the post, thus con- cludes "Had The Ranger not exposed himself so much at York, I should unhesitatingly have regarded him as the winner. But the exhibition was too poor a one to rely upon, and the validity of the excuse offered for him I cannot acknowledge. I shall therefore pre- fer trusting to Queen Bertha, who has had every chance given her, and, I believe, is destined to tread in the steps of Queen of Trumps. Next to her I shall look for The Ranger and Golden Pledge." Vaticinator," in the Sunday Times, gave Avenger, 1; The Ranger, 2; Golden Pledge, 3. "Beacon," in the Sporting Gazette, says: "I ex- pect to see the St. Leger of 1863 fall to either Avenger, Golden Pledge, or Queen Bertha; and look- ing at the manner in which Lord Stamford's horse ran away with the Prince of Wales's Stakes, I must give the preference to Avenger." The Telegraph gave Queen Bertha and Lord Clifden, with Golden Pledge for a cockboat. "Augur," in the Sporting Life, said Lord Clifden would be first, and Queen Bertha second, their most dangerous opponents being Golden Pledge and Blue Mantle. 
Meors, Manors, and Forests. We extract the following account of sport since the commencement of grouse shooting, from the Pield:- Apparently, from the rainy weather which we have lately had, the bags made this season have not, as yet, come up to the expectations formed by the lovers of the gun, from the reports everywhere made of the past breeding season. Our returns are from this cause also less numerous than usual, the annoy- ance at being kept within doors being still more un- favourable to penmanship than the fatigue of a hard day's walking. The only really good bags which we have been able to record, are those made by Mr. J. P. Smith, and Mr. Hargreaves, of Worcester (the former getting 68 brace, and the latter 54A brace) on the 12th; and by Mr. Marshall, of London, who scored 661 brace to his own gun on the opening day. These are un- doubtedly good performances, but it must be remem- bered that all these gentlemen are crack shots, the first named having this year distinguished himself at the pigeon matches of the gun club at Shepherd's Bush. We hope next week to be able to record more extensively the doings of our correspondents in Scot- land, as well as in the Northern and Welsh Moors. During the past week we have heard of a good deal of disease appearing among the young pheasants and partridges, owing to the rains, which have been uni- versal. This must be expected, for whenever wet follows upon a long season of dry weather, the young birds feel the change much more than if they had been gradually accustomed to it. We fear that the corn will not be nearly all carried before the 1st of September, even in the south; so that the amount of sport on our English opening day will not be what was anticipated some weeks ago. It is a great mis- take to enter standing barley and beans in pursuit of birds, for it not only does a certain amount ot im- mediate damage, but indirectly it prejudices the far- mers against the sport for the time to come. ABERDEENSHIRE. - DELNADAMPH, STRATH- DON.-Sir Charles Forbes's forest shootings this season have been shot over by Mr. Forbes, his son, and the Duke of Athole, on the 12th, with the fol- lowing amount of sport, viz.: grouse, 70 brace; and Mr. George S. Forbes, his son, and Viscount Newport, 90 braee. Birds very strong on the wing, and very plentiful; weather good; all healthy. The ground is the grouse moors of Deluadamph forests, adjoining Lord Henry Bentinck's, at the head of Strathdon. On Monday, 14th, Duke of Athole, and Mr. Forbes, of Newe: grouse, 105i- brace; and Viscount Newport and Mr. Geo. S. Forbes: grouse, 941 brace. Birds wild. Tuesday was a very rainy day. There is no appearance of the disease. Red deer plentiful and in good condition in this quarter. CULDRAIN.-On the 12th, 14th, and 15th August.- Mr. John Brander (from Tahiti), killed, with one gun, on the Culdrain moors, acreage uncertain: grouse- 12th, 17 brace; 14th, 10§ brace; and 15th, 7| brace; blackgame, 2 brace; partridges, H brace; hares, 3; rabbits, 2-total, 82 head. Grouse very abundant and wild. Strong coveys of twelve birds quite frequent. Weather showery. HuNTLET.- August 16th.-Mr. John Walker's bag on the 12th was 29i- brace grouse, and 3 plovers. 14th, 18t brace grouse a hare and couple of snipes. 15th, 16 brace grouse, on the Clachmach shootings. BOG IN CLOUGH, RHYNIE.-The undermentioned gentlemen brought to bag as follows Mr. J P. Smith, Aug. 12th, 68 brace; 14th, 24J brace; 15th, 14 brace; 16th, 27t brace-total, 134 brace; 3 hares, 1 snipe. Mr. S. Hargreaves, Aug. 12th, 54t brace; 14th, 23 2, braee; 15th, 18t brace; 16th, 32t brace-total, 128t brace, 2 hares. Total, grouse, 525; snipe, 1; hares, 5 -531 head. Grouse very fine and plentiful, but as wild as they usually are on Sept.'l. No disease. Weather fine on the 12th, but rain and wind on the other days. CLASHNADEKOCH, GARTLY, RHYNIE. - Acreage about 28,000. On the 12th, 14th, 15th, and 16th August (by three guns), Major Whittingstall, Major Jarg, and Mr. Bromilow. Grouse, 447; snipes, 3; hares, 11-total, 461 head. The weather has been rough and stormy. The grouse are numerous, but very wild and strong; they are healthy and no trace of disease. CLOVA MOORS, AUCHENDOIR, NAR LUMSDEN.- Acreage about 6,000. On the 12th, 13th, 14tb, 15th, and 16th (by two guns), Mr. J. C. Couper and friend killed-grouse, 194; snipes, 2; hare, 1; blue hares, 4; total, 201. The weather up to twelve o'clock on the night of the llth very unpropitious for a good 12th, but the morning turned out clear, with a fine breeze; the birds plentiful, strong, and healthy, but wild from the previous heavy rains. 13th and 14th wet, the birds wild in consequence. A small bag on the 14th. 15th still a little moist, and rain in the afternoon, which spoiled a good day's shooting. 16th very fine birds wild in the morning, but sat well in the after- noon. DESKRIE SHIEL, LOGIE COLDSTONE, NEAR TAR- LAND.- Acreage about 6,000.-The following bags were ma.de, viz.:-On the 12th, Mr. Coltman and Mr. Clark (two hours only), grouse, 7Bt brace, 1 snipe. Mr. F. Coltman and Colonel Buchan, grouse, brace. On the 14th (afternoon, three hours), Mr. F. Coltman and Mr, Clark, grouse, 18 brace, 2 hares Mr. Coltman and Colonel Buchan, grou&e, 13 brace, I hare. Total, 334 head. The 15th was wet, and no shooting. ARGYLLSHIRE.-LoCRENELD, KILBRIDE, and KILMORE, near Oban (acreage about 40,000), by four j. guns, viz., Mr. R B. Oakeley, on the 12th and 14th; Mr. R. B. Oakeley, Rev. Dr. Smith, and Mr. J. Chilton, on the 16th:-Grouse, 87, 1 snipe; wildfowl, 6, 1 hare; -total, 96. Mr. Oakeley writes: On the 12th and 14th I shot over several brace of young dogs, and con- sequently did not attempt to make a bag. I killed, however, 11 brace on the 12th, in three or four hours, and 12 brace on the 14th. The 15th was so exces- sively wet that it was impossible to go out; but on the 16th two friends and myself bagged 20t brace, the weather wet and stormy, and the birds wild as in November. There is no disease, and the birds are strocg and vigorous, but far too much grown to allow of large bags." AYRSHIRE.-DALBLAIR, AUCHENLECK, near Old Cumnock (acreage about 5,000).- Mr. D. Lade, on the 12th, 20 brace; on the 14th (part of the day), 10f- (,< brace. Mr* ,fi. Carew. 00. the l,2fcb. ?P> brace; m fehe 14th, 10 brace. Birds very numerous, strong, and healthy; but owing to the heavy rain on the 10th and 11th, they were wild and very difficult to get at. The 15th very wet, and shooting. 15th very wet, and no shooting. BANFFSHIRE. BLAIRFINDY LODGE, GLENLI- VAT.-Mr. R. Marshall writes:-" The 12th proved a very fine day, although for two days previous the weather had been very wet and stormy. The birds very strong and wild, and the broods unusually large. The return at the end of the day showed:-Myself, with one gun (a breech-loader), 85t brace; Mr. New- all, 52| brace; Mr. Collwill, 28| brace-beginning at ten o'clock, and leaving off at seven. On Monday and Tuesday the weather was wet and stormy, and we only went out for a few hours, making an average of 25 brace each gun. Should the weather come fine, large bags will yet be made; but while it continues squally, with heavy showers, as at present, nothing very brilliant can be done." BELDORNEY MOORS, GLASS, NEAR HUNTLY.-By two guns (Mr. W. J. Grant, of Beldorney, and Capt. Simpson, 6th Royal Regiment). On the 12th, 50| brace grouse, 2 hares, 2 snipe; on the 14th, after one p.m., 25 brace grouse, 1 hare; on the 15th, in four hours. 17 brace grouse and 2 hares. They found the birds very numerous and strong, but so exceedingly wild as to be almost unapproachable. A number of the birds bad packed even on the 12th, and the weather being rather wet tended to make them much wilder than they otherwise would have been. No appearance of any disease, and the birds are in capital condition. PERTHSHIRE, DRUMMOND CASTLE MOORS- CRIEFF AND MUTHILL.-By two guns (Lord Ravens worth and Hon. H. G. Liddell, M.P.)- Aug. 12 grouse, 102; snipe, 2; hares, 2. Aug. 14: very wet, one very fine stag, after excellent sport fishing in the forenoon. Aug. 15 very wet, good fishing. Aug. 16 grouse, 104; snipe, 3; hares 10. Game very plentiful, strong and wild, and weather extremely unsettled. Both on the 12th and 16th the bags were made with great ease, between eleven and five o'clock. GLENQUAICH MOORS, AMULREE.-Of the first four days of the season, the 12th and 16th only were suf- ficiently fine to admit of grouse-shooting. Sir Hugh Cairns, M.P., Messrs. Henry M'Neile, and Edward Ross, killed 287 head of grouse, 44 hares, 3 snipe, 2 plover, and 1 teal-total, 337 head. ROSS-SHIRE.-DINGWALL. - On the 12th Mr. Duncan Davidson and a friend (two guns), killed on the Tulloch moors (acreage about 4,800 acres), 37 brace of grouse and 6 hares. Birds are full-grown and plen- tiful no appearance of disease. Mr. Davidson writes:-" My moors in this immediate neighbourhood are small but good. I keep them for myself and friends. Two good guns on the 13th could have shot 30 to 40 brace to each gun easily enough, but we shoot for the sport, and not for trying how many we can shoot. I never saw birdO stronger than this season. In a space of some 200 acres I saw upwards of 20 large coveys of grouse and many blackgame." YORKSHIRE.-BOWES MooR.-The following is a return of best bags made, on Bowes Moor, by Captain Gaudy and party-viz.: Aug. 12.-Mr. Chapman, 69t 2 brace of grouse; Captain Gandy, 69 Mr. Musgrave, 54t; Mr. Helmer, 54; Mr. T. Clarkson, 52t; Mr. Barrel, 49; Mr. Metcalf, 40; Mr. Mason, 38; and on Aug. 14, Captain Gandy, 44 brace. 
THE I Zingara amateurs, who yearly combine cricket with theatricals at Canterbury, have this year selected Miss Milly Palmer to be their leading lady. THE reports from the moors of Swaledale and Wensleydale augur ill for the coming grouse season. The brooding hens, the watchers report, have been dying for some time back in scores, and the mortality is still continuing at a frightful rate. The accounts front the Westmoreland and Durnam moors, we regret to say, are nearly as unfavourable. The disease which is so fatal in its results is locally termed a dis- temper; but the cause is supposed, and it is believed accurately, to be due to the severe weather in May last, which checked the tender shoots of the heather, upon which the birds so much depend for subsistence at that period of the year, and also for some time subsequently. In the higher lying grounds on Donside, such as Strathdon, Corgarff, Candacraig, &c., accounts of dis- ease are somewhat discouraging. At the other side of the hills, in the Braemar and Deeside districts, there is no appearance of disease, and report speaks very favourably of the fine healthy appearance of the birds. Ptarmigan and blackcock are very plentiful and healthy. On the lower lying moors of Aberdeenshire, game promises to be more than usually abundant. This, we believe, is in some measure duo to the fact that last year the birds were sparingly shot, and a good breeding stock left. On the Clashandarroch moors, it is stated that disease has been slightly ob- servable but coveys are to be seen strong, and appa- rently in fair condition. On the Glenfiddoch and other moors in the upper districts of the county, the pros- pects are equally favourable, and, everything con. sidered, there is little doubt that sportsmen may look forward to the 13th of August with hopes of fair PMUCH satisfaction ia felt in the cricketing world at the fact of Mr. Lubbock, the Captain of the Eton Eleven, having expressed his regret to the Marylebone Club, and to his Harrow opponents, at having objected to the decision of the umpire at the latter end of the first day's play. These matches having become quite an event of the year, it is no be regretted the Eton boys do not take more pains to study cricket in al.' its branches, more particularly bowling, which, after all, is the most interesting part of a game at cricket. It is to be hoped that next year will prove that the Eton boys are not deaf to public opinion, which demands of them to uphold so national a game by producing 11 de- cent cricketers out of 850 boys. They cannot do better than follow the excellent example set them by Harrow, who have only half that number to pick from. The success of the ballad concerts at the Crystal Palace has been indubitable, nor is it to be wondered at that the general public, no less than the regular frequenters of the Palace, have availed themselves of each successive opportunity of listening to so good a musical and vocal entertainment as is now provided for them at the Wednesday concerts. Another selec- tion of ballad music was executed last Wednesday by such distinguished vocalists as Madame Grisi, Madame Parepa, Miss Edmonds, Mr. Weiss, and Mr. Sima Reaves, with Mr. Levy and the admirable orchestra, under the direction of Mr. Manns, for the instru. mental department. The selection on this occasion included "Home, sweet lioma," "The last rose of summer," and "The Minstrel Boy," by Madame Grisi. The well-known canonet My mother bids me bind my hair," by Haydn, and Bishop's Should he up- braid," by Madame Parepa; the once favourite I've been roaming," by Miss Edmonds; Farewell to the mountain," by Mr. Weiss; and "The Pilgrim of Love," by Mr. Sims Reeves. In short, to particularise the popular morceaux that were given would be to reprint the programme, which may be said to bristle with popularities. Whether with opera coyieerti3 for the select and fastidious, enjoyable popular selections for the many, and fireworks for all, the directors of the Crystal Palace seem to have bit upon the right means of gratifying the public taste with as much certainty as variety. 
THE champion prize for lady archers has been car- ried off this year by an Irish lady, MissBetham, of the county of Dublin archers, beating all the great English bow-women. t n AN extraordinary scene of excitement prevailed in Malton on the St. Leger day, when the telegraph an- nounced Mr. I'Anson's victory. Since the days of Blink Bonny so great enthusiasm has not been mani- fested. On the road from the station to the Cottage the people turned out, and the green and gold flag was run up amidst the most enthusiastic cheering. The callers at the Cottage were very numerous and although the prices have been so short, it is generally thought that a gsod amount of money will come into Malton. IN the fisherv on the coast of Ostend this year 171 smacks have been employed. The quantity of fish brought into the port, both by Belgian fisher- men and the French who have been driven in by heavy weather, amounted to about 3,400,000 kilos., producing a sum of 850,000f. The above quantity is more than that of preceding years, although no less than eleven boats have been lost during the season. The fish caught are generally composed one-half of plaice, three-eighths of skate, one-sixteenth of soles, and one- sixteenth of turbots, dabs, haddocks, and sometimes whiting. During the year there have been brought into Ostend oysters amounting in value to from 800,000f. to 900,000f. After having been deposited for a short time in parks to fatten, they were sent off, for the most part, to the interior of Belgium and to Germany. The quantity dispatched to Paris has been this year less than in preceding ones. OWING to the protracted drought which prevailed during the month of August, and the autumn spates which followed, salmon fishing has been unusually good in most parts of Scotland. The Ness is swarming with fish; it is nothing uncommon for 15 salmon and grilse to be taken by one rod in the course of a few hours. Mr. Denison, on the Holm Water, has been killing on an average from five to six daily; one day he landed a salmon of 231b. Splendid sport has also been obtained on Sir Joseph Hawley's portion of the river. On the Casseley, Mr. Holford, Lieutenant- Y, Colonel Elliott, and Major Dickens, on the 6th and 7th of this month, captured no fewer than 56 salmon and grilse, the aggregate weight being 2581b. 9OK. In fact, most of the northern rivers have been yielding splendid baskets since the withdrawal of the nets, and there is every prospect of their continuing to do so until the close of the season. Anglers on the Spey have every reason to be well satisfied. The sport obtained on the Tay, however, notwithstanding the apprehensions which were enter- tained during the past month, seems to eclipse the whole. Mr. Condie landed twenty-two fish on Monday last, and on the previous Wednesday Major Wedder- burn killed nineteen, and Mr. Foofce and his son twenty-three. The popular mode of angling on the Tay is by means of a boat, rowed from side to side of the river, the bow being always kept against the stream, and the rods fixed in the stern in such a posi- tion as to admit of the lines floating at a reasonable distance from each other. In this way many fish are taken. For example, the other day Mr. Foote and his son had three 'fish hooked at one time, and they landed the whole. THE Deep-sea Fishery Commissioners have oeen making inquiry into the state of the fisheries in the Dundalk Bay. From the evidence of a number of fishermen it appears that trawling was practised there prior to 1857, but was then discontinued, in con- sequence si representations made to the Fishery Com- missioners that it was destroying the spawn and brood. Mr. Caird said that a communication had been received by the Commissioners to the effect that it would be desirable to do away with the restriction on trawling; but no one appeared to give evidence on that side of the question. The evidence on the other side showed that sinee the restriction was imposed fish had been more abundant in the bay. From thirty to forty line boats were employed, each having a crew of five or six men. They caught turbot, sale, plaice, cod, and herring, which had lately reappeared in the bay. The fish is bought on the quays, and sent to all parts of the country, chiefly to Dublin, Belfast, and Liver- pool. They fish with lines having 400 hooks, a fathom between each hook. The baits they use are worm, cockle, and oyster; the oyster, a peculiar one, got about a foot and a half deep in the sand. They catch the sole with a worm. Since the trawling was stopped fishing has improved in the bay. They get salmon in the river, and this was the best salmon year they had for a long time. Had the trawling continued it would have destroyed the fishermen, because it tore up the spawn and prevented it from et)ming,ipto the bay. Their great enemy now is the dog-fish, which cuts tiheirlines. WE are told by an aristocratic paper that so anxious is Lord Fitzhardinge to prevent the nightly depreda- tions made, or supposed to be made, upon his tenants' ducks, geese, and poultry by foxes, that his lordship gives orders that the wily animals shall be fed upon rabbits. During the last twelve weeks not less than 12,386 rabbits have been given to the vulpine gour- mands, who, in round numbers, amount to 246. As, according to Cocker, the weekly consumption would be 1,032, more or less, as the auctioneers say, or four rabbits and a quarter to each fox per week, the foxes have no cause of complaint, especially as they do not confine themselves to rabbit diet. To insure sport, continues our contemp@rary, facetiously, the Banting system ought to be adopted with the -vulpine as well as the human race, for no animal can stand a burst of five and forty minutes which has gorged itself upon luxuries. When, we consider that, at ninepence a rabbit, the expense would be about X38 14s. per week, or E461 9s. 6d. for the period of twelve weeks we have referred to, it must be clear to every one that hounds, huntsmen, wkippers-in, horses, and earth-stoppers are not the only items that swell up bills to masters of fox-hounds," but .that to them may be added the money laid out in preserving and feeding the vulpine race. EVERY one who .has ever been to a race knows little Jemmy Grimshaw, the baby feather weight; quite a mite in appearance, and with the tiniest of childish treble voices. lie is amusing his admirers (aud their name is legion) just now by exhibiting his photograph, beautifully got up in a green velvet case, on the other side of which is a blank. When he is asked who that is for, he draws himself up and says, Why, for Mrs. J. Griuishaw, to be sure A Sudden Flood.
THE amateur foot race for £ 400-< £ 200 a side- made at Bognor during the Goodwood race week, is to take place at Newmarket during the Second October Meeting. The competitors are Captain Machell, of the 59th Foot, and Mr. Chadwick, late of the 9th Lancers, and the distance is one hundred yards. Both gentlemen are in active training for the match. ANGLING BY STEAM.-Last week, Mr. Fildes, with his little steam yacht City of Manchester, went a-fishing on Windermere. The day was fine for angling, a south wind and cloudy sky, and this new application of steam power was a decided success. A pannier of very fine pike rewarded the disciples of honest old Izaak for their novel and amusing experi- ment. RIVER POACHERS.-At Blackburn, a man named Thomas Greenwood was fined £ 10 and costs for two offences against the Salmon Fisheries Act, at Dinckley, near Blackburn. He and another man, Mark Anderton, were found on the banks of the Ribble by the night watchers, with a bag containing twenty-five fish, and an illegal net, with an inch mesh, in their possession. Anderton has since got out of the way. LORD ST. VINCENT gave Osborne, who rode Lord Clifden, the winner of the St. Leger at Doncaster, a thousand pounds, and the same sum to Edwin Parr, the trainer. LIEUTENANT THOMAS, of the 32nd Regiment, who walked, as an accoutred private soldier, sixty miles in twenty hours, has offered to walk from Berwick-upon- Tweed to Land's End at the rate of forty-two miles a day until the journey is completed. THE FRENCH GAME LAWS.-A silly paragraph is going the rounds to the effect that a modification is about to be introduced into the French game laws, prohibiting the killing of hen birds. "By this means," says the paragraph, it is hoped to restock the woods with game, of which some species are tending to dis- appear in France." A sportsman can distinguish a cock from a hen pheasant, but how is he to distinguish between the sexes of other game is a secret which the writer does not reveal. THE match between -the All England Eleven v. Twenty-two of York has been decided in favour of the Ali England Eleven, who won by 83 runs. The All England Eleven made 154 and 90; the Twenty-two of York, 86 and 75. THE Doncaster Cup, representing St. George and the Dragon," supplied by Messrs. R. and S. Garrard and Co., was exhibited in the window of a jeweller's shop in High-street, Doncaster, and it nearly cost a crush to death to get near it. The possessor of the Cup of 1863 has received a prize not only as an intrinsic work of art, but as most closely associating Doncaster with the Cup, which this year illustrates the valour of a saint after whom its noble edifice is called- St George. The value of the Cup is three hundred sovereigns. Many judges consider that it is not of the average merit of former cups.
Deep Sea. Fishing in the Isle of Man. 1 THE month of August, says Mr. Podd, in the Field, is one of the best seasons of the year for deep sea fish- ing in Douglas Bay, as at that particular time the herring fleet is stationed here. It numbers upwards of 200 boats, and the refuse of fish, &c., which is passed overboard in cleaning the nets, whilst at anchor in the bay after the night's fishing, and which is carried by various currents to deep water, induces the fish to come nearer shore, where they will have food in abundance. The hand-line now comes into great requisition. It is composed of a stoutieh twisted cord, with a lead sinker at one end of about lib. in weight, above which there are two chopsticks, which are pieces of whalebone about one foot each in length, and which are whipped to the main line (at one end) by meana of waxed thread, whilst to the other a short twisted hair snood, with smallish hook, is attached. Some lines are rigged up with an additional chopstick; but two will be found quite sufficient for the purpose, and much more handy. The mode of fishing is exceedingly simple, and the sport good. Bait your hooks with pieces of herring, herring melt, or the infallible sand-worm. Pass it overboard, and when you feel the lead touching the bottom, take in about a yard of the line so as to keep the lead at a reasonable distance from the ground; sit still, light your pipe, chat away, and wait for the ex- pected tug. It will be your own fault if you do not bring ashore some nice strings of codling, blocken, and calig. The above is the simplest kind of sea-fishing, and the least labour is attached to it. Conger eels are another fish found in abundance on our shores. I have seen some immense specimens, some certainly six feet in length.. Conger-fishing is grand sport, but very dirty work; and being such, to meet with anything like success, should be pursued after sundown. And if you wish to have any comfort whilst pursuing the sport, put on the oldest toggery you have got %nd provide yourself with a pairof coarse glazed leggings reaching to the hip. The slimy nature of the fish, which is certain to come to close quarters with you, renders this provision necessary. In the next place, you should have a good stiff boat of at least twenty feet keel, with a man to take you to the ground, and who will help you to manage any ugly customer. The expense is trifling and necessary, and you will not regret it, especially if you are fond of a little exciting sport, which it really is. Forty fathoms of strong line is the usual length for conger fishing, with a lead l|lb. attached as a sinker one strong chopstick, with a snood composed of three-ply fine whipcord, with a No. 8 sea. hook, either with or without ohain and swivel, will complete the tackle. Bait with the I freshest of fresh herring, for be it remembered that the conger is one of the greatest epicures of the sea. You fish for him in precisely the same manner as for codling. Be provided with a good strong clip or gaff, and when you get him into the boat try to keep him quiet until you get him unhooked by a smart blow across the vent with the stretcher, or some equally handy billet of wood; and if you can only manage to pass your knife through the back of his neck you will make him peaceable enough. I have aotually known several fishermen being obliged to allow one of the large fish to pass out of the boat again, being quite unable to manage him. His Highness the Maharajah Duleep Singh has made heavy bags on tha Scotch hills every day he has been out. This sportsman has shot over the Perth- shire moors for some years, formerly in the neighbour- hood of Killin, where he was much respected for his kindness; and for a year or two past he lias been tenant of the Loch Kennard moors, near Aberfeldy, where he is at present shooting. He invariably makes heavy bags. THE usual gathering for Highland sports on the estates of the Earl of Seafield was held at Castle Grant, near Grantown, last week. The games were contested on a fine level sward in the deer park on the east of the castle. A roped inclosure separated the competitors from the general body of the spectators, who lounge on the sward or group themselves under the trees. A neat marquee was provided for the ac- oommodation of the party from the castle, among whom were the Earl and Countess of Seafield, the patron and patroness of the gathering; Lord Reid- haven, Gen. Sir Patrick Grant, Hon. George Grant, Hon Jas. Grant, and many others of the surrounding gentry and tenants of the shooting lodges. The games were of the usual kind common at such gatherings, and were exceedingly well contested by a numerous body of stalwart Highlanders. The dancing espe- cially attracted great attention. Unfortunately the weather, which on the day appointed for the meeting promised to be line, broke into rain between two and three o'clock, and somewhat spoiled the enjoyment of those assembled. 
IRISH SEA FISHERIES.-The commissioners for administering the laws relating to the deep sea and coast fisheries in Ireland, report upon the whole in the year 1865 the continuance of a manifest and deoided improvement in the condition and progress of these fisheries as compared with their state a few years back; an improvement, however, scarcely, if at all, apparent this year on the western and northern coasts, partly owing to the loss by emigration of the more able men, the poor condition and equipment of the boats, and the want of an immediate and remunerative market, but partly also, it seems, to real scarcity of fish. But the return of the herrings to the east coast and the success of mackerel fishing in the deep sea, have given confidence to the Irish fishermen; and the haddock and whiting, which for a very long time had scarcely been seen on the coast, reappeared last year. The oyster fishery is not in a uot owing to any decline consequent on natural causes, but to the increased demand and price stimulating dredging to an extent which the beds are unable to bear. The commissioners have extended the close season on the south-east coast, and encouraged the formation of private layings, with a view to create sources whence the public beds may be re-stocked. They feel obliged to dissent from the recommendation of the Royal Commission in reference to the abolition of a close season for the oyster fishery, and the re- moval of the restrictions on trawling on the banks along the coast, believing that the fish ought to be left. undisturbed during the spawning season. CAN feathered game swim ?" This question being asked by a correspondent of the Field, led to several answers, amongst which are the following :- I was witness to an incident similar to that men- tioned by Muzzle-loader.' I was shooting in the Isle of Skye a few years ago, and shot at a grouse, which fell near the margin of a hill loch slightly wounded. On the pointer going through the long heather to seek dead,' the grouse took to the water and swam out towards the other side. On its nearing the land again, after about a hundred yards' swim, I went round with the keeper to secure it, ansl was surprised to see it re- laotant to leave the water and making the best of its way out again. The pointer had watched the bird all this time, and on seeing it going out again plunged into the loch, and after a short swim retrieved it. The dog had never before taken to the water, and after showing such sagacity it was impossible to find fault with him." "Your correspondent Muzzle-loader' asks for an instance of a pheasant swimming. At the end of last season, while beating a small cover abut- ting on a large pond of perhaps 150 yards by 40, two cock pheasants were dropped into the water, and, although much wounded, continued to swim so strong and lustily across, that one of them reached the oppo- site bank, landed, and got some distance into a field before it was caught by the retriever sent in pursuit. The other was overtaken when juat quitting the water; but both birds swam with great apparent ease to themselves. I admit that this is not a parallel case to that mentioned by Muzzle-loader,' inasmuch as the swimming was in his case voluntary,' and in mine enforced' by necessity; but they both prove equally the power of the pheasant to swim; therefore I send it to you in compliance with his request. I may add that I never before witnessed a similar instance." IN consequence of the unhealthy state and the scarcity of grouse this season, and the unfavourable prospects of sport on the Scotch moors, Lord Stam- ford has decided that his grouse shootings shall not be disturbed this year, and he has consigned his kennel of pointers and deer-stalking dogs to Messrs. Tattersall for sale under the hammer. HORSE-RACING in India is becoming a popular pas- time, and as an evidence of its success, there is about to be a horse-breeding establishment on a large scale formed in the Punjaub. AT the meeting of the Braemar Highland Society last week, the secretary laid on the table letters from his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales and Colonel Farquharson of Invercauld, suggesting that the annual competition and athletic games of the Braemar Highland Society be held this season on Thursday, the 6th of September. IT is expected that the total number of volunteers who will be present at the groat review at York on the 11th of August will be 20,000. The Duke of Cam- bridge is to be the reviewing offioer, and the Prince and Princess of Wales are to be present. His Royal Highness, on the Monday following, is, it is reported, to prooeed to the Yorkshire moors for grouse shoot- ing. ON Monday a number of the tenants and servants on the Balmoral estate assembled on the top of Craig Gowan, at the desire of the Queen, to erect a cairn in commemoration of the marriage of Princess Helena. A pleasant and merry day was spent, and the health of the lately married couple was drunk amid hearty highland oheering. Craig Cowan, beautifully fringed with birch almost to its summit, stands immediately to the south front of the castle. THE MOORS OF ABERDEENSHIRE AND BANFF. SHIRE-NOW that the shooting season is near at hand, the usual interest is excited as to the prospects of the sportsman. It was anticipated that the rather severe winter would prove unfavourable, by disease and other. wise to the birds of last season, but in general this has not been the case; and now, from most of the moors in the two counties, we are assured the. pros- pects of the 12th of August were never more cheering. On the highest shooting ground in Aberdeenshire-the 3trathdon hills-we understand there is an exception to I the otherwise favourable reports frem the lower-lying moors. There, we are informed, grouse were numerous and healthy all last season, and continued so up to the spring of the present year. Disease, however, is now very prevalent, and it is always far more fatal on the higher hills than on the moors at lower elevations. It would appear that where the heath had been most severely damaged by the very severe frosts of the past winter the grouse on such places are most affected by disease. In consequence of this it is to be feared that the sport on this and neigh- bouring moors will this season be very much curtailed. It is, however, satisfactory to be able to state that roe and red deer are very plentifal and in excellent condition. On the Braemar and Deeside moors disease has not made its appearance, and the accounts given of the fine healthy appearance of the birds are very encouraging. The fine weather during the hatching season doubtless contributed not a little to the pleasing prospect of the moors in this district. From the Abergeldie, Crathie, and Balmoral moors the reports are equally favourable. The young broods at this date were scarcely ever seen stronger or more numerous and healthy. Ptarmigan, blackcock, and other birds are also plentiful on the several moors before named, and no disease has as yet been observed. On-the lower-lying moors in Aberdeenshire, particu- larly in the Strathbogie district, game birds are more than usually abundant, and no signs of disease. On the Huntley Lodge moors, tenanted by Major Boyd, includ- ing the Wishach, Melsach, and Corskie hills, the birds are already on the wing, and in coveys from 10 to 12 strong. The other game, including rabbits, on these moors, is very abundant, in consequence of no great number being killed last season. On the Clashnadar- roch grounds it is stated that disease has manifested itself partially, but to no great extent. If the weather continue favourable, the sport on these will not be in. ferior to that of former years. Of the Cabrach and higher-lying moors of Banffshire, a correspondent writes :-The prospects of the sportsmen this year are very promising. Upon the moors of his Grace the Duke of Richmond, the Earl of Fife, Lesmurdie, and Beldorney, game of all kinds is very abundant; indeed, the grouse are at this date strong and quite healthy. There is not the slightest symptoms of disease to be observed either among birds young or old. There are, however, to be seen on Cabrach and Glass moors small packs of small grouse flocking together, the cause of which may be owing to the ravages of foxes, which this year have been more than usually destructive. Despite this, however, we anticipate that the coming season will be exceedingly good for the sportsman, and very largo bags may be looked for on the 12th of August. 
THE Earl of Chesterfield, with his guests, the Duke f Cambridge, Prince Edward of Saxe Weimar, Lord tanhope, and the Earl of Derby, have commenced heir annual sport on his lordship's estate. On the G rst day the party started from Mrs. Tomlin's farm, t: .ear Ratcliffe, on the Morken Hills. In the course of y* he day the party brougLt <5own 7braoe of par- ridges, one quail, and 134 hares. The day's excursion w losed at 5.40, and the noble earl and his guests re- 1'1 urned to Gedling-lodge, "and have continued their 0 ports during the week. The same guests assembled h ,t Gedling-lodge last year. ° Sport with. Otter Hounds. v The staunch little pack of otter hounds belonging j, o Mr. M'Donald Moreton, of Kyntire, Argyleshire, s met at Macharamore-bridge, a short time ago, accom- s lanied by a select few of the right sort, among whom g rere the Hon. H. Somerville, the gallant master C. F it'Donald Moreton, Esq., Capt. M'Allister, Messrs. 1J Stewart, Winter, and Barber, with several others j vhose names we did not know. No sooner were the c iminds on the water than the deep notes of old Mar- y rery and Wisdom proclaimed the fishmonger abroad. c Hark to Margery! cries the huntsman; together 1 -hark and in a second the pack were away up a t nill-race to the left, round the dam, and back to the iver, hunting the drag every inch, axd making the 1 lills and rocks resound to the echo of the soul-stirring, nusic. There was a slight check here, as the hounds c sagerly dashed from side to side of the river, and tried jvery root and stone for the scent, till Bellman's 2~ loarse voice told the line the varmint had gone. ( tway they went up-stream at a splitting pace,, sending, the water into foam as they dashed through the stickles, 1 so close together that a blanket could cover them. In bhis style they carried tke drag upwards of a mile, at j such a pace that it was truly bellows to mend with J the toddlers; when suddenly the hounds swung out to j the left on dry land, and across the meadows Leading to a gorse covert, through which ran a small 1 stream. In covert-hark! Loo in all! we have him here! cries young Campbell, the huntsman, and in an instant every bush seemed alive as the j hounds dashed through and through the covert, making j the welkin ring to the joyful noise. It was more like the find of a fox than the bolt of an otter, when Jamie, the whip, from the middle of the gorse, gave the cheering Halloa! Tally-ho See Stole away! stole away and in a second the hounds were at him, and rattled the otter in grand style round and round the covert, and down to the river, into which he plunged, with hounds and men all but on him. Look out below was now the cry; and scarcely had Rob, the first whip, put in an appearance in the ford than he viewed our friend on the skedaddle down stream, and cleverly headed him back into the deep. Now the scene became most exciting-men and dogs halloa- ing, wading, and swimming. Bubble a vent here 11 See, see, there!" But it was too hot to last, and at the end of ten minutes the gallant master's cheering View halloa!" proclaimed the slippery one away As he once more took to dry land, and hooked its best pace for another gorse-covert out to the right, Twang! twang went the horn; and, though the water was now full of foil, like lightning the beauties respond to the well-known sound; there was no rest for the fishy one-over the meadows, and into the gorse they rattled, and, after a beautiful burst, this game otter was pulled down on terra firma in the middle of the covert, and killed, after a gallant fight in which both hounds and terriers were severely punished. 
TOUCHING the International Rifle Contest, Mr. T. B. Crosse, member of several of the Belgian rifle clubs, gives some information which will, be useful to parties intending to compete at the forthcoming contest at Brussels.. He says:-" Englishmen intending to com- pete at the Grand Tir National will do well to prepare for the style of shooting in use here, which really is for the short distance, 225 metres, as near perfection as possible. The metre, it is well known, is 39in., which gives 232J yards and a fraction-say iin.-for which exact distance the arm must be regulated, or exactness will be out of the question add to this the difference of the bull's eye, which is here white on a black ground, without any visible rings on its surface, and nino in diameter. The firing is from an enclosed building, with large windows to each compartment, where ten only are admitted for each series-not over agreeable to those used to fire in' the open air. I hazard these remarks, inasmuch as I should be vexed to see my countrymen firing at a disadvantage. To be forewarned is to be forearmed." A NOVEL and exciting race took place last week from Putney to Hammersmith. The competitors were Mr. Charles Bush, well known on the turf, and George Drewitt,, of Chelsea, who had agreed, in a double- sculling outrigger, by Biffen, of Hammersmith-the first of her class ever built-to row Randolph Cook, of Oxford, and Tom King, ex-champion of the P.R., in a pair-oared boat, by Salter, of Wandsworth. The match was an impromptu one, only having been bruited a week or two ago, and it set at rest the fallacy that a pair-oared boat was as good as double sculls. The excitement was intense, consequent upon the notoriety of all the parties, and Putney presented a very animated appearance at the time fixed for the start, the banks being crowded with some of the leading members of Tattersall's and the City book- makers. The ex-champion and Cook won the toss, and took the Middlesex station, and all the com- petitors were in splendid condition. Mr. F. W.' Bryant, of the West London Rowing Club, was referee in an eight, and a vast number of boats of every description accompanied the race, and they got off well together; but, in a few strokes, the scullers were half a length ahead, and the race was tremen- dous. From the Star and Garter to Simmonds' they drew clear, and at the Point the scullers led by two lengths. The betting veered from five to four on oars to two to one on skulls; and, after a desperate race, in which the scullers gave the others any amount of wash, Messrs. Bush and Drewitt came in a clear length ahead at Hammersmith-bridge, not being any the worse for their row. Drewitt steered the sculls and Cook the oars. OWING to the protracted drought which prevailed during the month of August, and the Autumn spates which followed, salmon fishing in Scotland has been unusually good in most parts of the country. The Ness is swarming with fish; it is nothing uncommon for fifteen salmon and grilse to be taken by one rod in the course of a few hours. In fact, most of our northern rivers have been yielding splendid baskets since the withdrawal of the nets, and there is every prospect of their continuing to do so until the close of the season. Anglers on the Spey have every reason to be well satisfied. The sport obtained on the Tay, however, notwithstanding tho apprehensions which were entertained during the past month, seems to eclipse the whole. THE following is from the reports of the assistant river-keepers of the Thames Angling Preservation Society, for the week ending September 21: -At Staines the sport has been very indifferent, the water still being low and fine, gudgeon fishing being the best. At Laleham fishing is a little better. A large quantity of chub and barbel have been taken at Halliford and Sunbury, and some very fine perch at Shepperton. The water here is described as being in very good con- h r.. dition for fishing. The Clarkes have bees taking some good roach and barbel at Sunbury. The gudgeon fish- ing still continues good at Hampton; the Snells have been taking from fifteen to twenty dozen a day. A chub of 4Hb. has been taken with a bleak. The angling at Moulsey has not been good; the takes have consisted of a few jack and barbel. Johnson reports that he has been fishing at Teddington with about the average sport. A few barbel have been caught at Kingston; and in one night, after the rain, nearly a hundred-weight of bream were taken at the railway bridge at Kingston. Eniclcer says the sport at Ted- dington still continues very good. There have been some good takes of barbel and bream under the weir. At Richmond there have been great quantities of roach and dace taken, with an average of eight barbel whilst roach fLhing. Fly fishing has also been good. I was unable last week, from severe indisposition, which confined me to my room, to send the usual reports. The only feature now worth noticing is in the report of Johnson, from Kingston, that a large trout had been picked up, of the length of twenty-nine inches and a half, very thin. It was cut open to see if there were any hooks in it, but none were found. It was a female fish. Arrangements are being made for a com- plete protection ef the river during the approaching "white fast" of the Jews.-W. H. BROUGHAM, Secre- tary, Isleworth. Two importan; ram sales were held in Cornwall during the past 'veek, and on both occasions the atten- dance of farmers, &c. was large. On Tuesday, at Mr. Rosewarne's sale, Nanspuske, Hayle, 4 hog rams averaged eight guineas eaeh; 11 ditto, seven guineas each six ditto, five guineas each; and 40 ewes, 49s. each. On Thursday, 30 Leicesters, belonging to Mr. Davis, pf Tregeale, also sold readily at good prices. THE hop picking in Worcestershire is nearly finished, and the hops are almost all cured, so that the supply to the market during the last week was very large, 3,000 pockets being broughtto the market on Saturday. All the warehouse. were filled, and the Guildhall was appropriated to their reception during the busy time. The sales have been very active, and prices remain with little change. Good Worcester have fetched £ 7 10s. to X7 15s. per cwt., but the general run of prices averages P,7 per cwt. IT was currently reported last week that Blair Athol, the winner of the Derby and St. Leger, had been sold to go abroad, but although Mr. I'Anson has had a very tempting offer for the horse, he has not yet parted with him. We may add that the animal is rapidly recovering from the severe kick he received on his off-knee while striving to come through his leaders in the race for.the St. Leger. THE Marquis of Hastings has determined to sell all his horses in training, except The Duke, Attraction, Donnington, and another or two, after the Houghton Meeting. The Duke has been thrown up, and will not run again before the Derby. CROYDON STEEPLE CHASES will take place on Tues- day and Wednesday, the 29th and 30th November. There will be a Weight for Age Steeple Chase, three miles and a half, with 100 sovs. added, and the Grand Open Handicap will have 200 sovs. contributed from the fund.. THE following twenty-two, and five others which have not accepted, were given at Doncaster against the field for the Cesarewitch, for £1,000, to a noble and well-known owner of horBes:- Blithfield, Gibraltar, Carisbrook, Noelie, Welcome, Scamander, Summer- side, Baldwin, Tattoo, Skeffington, Signalman, Myrtle, Planet, Suspicion, Fanfreluche, Pearl Diver, Cathe- dral, Calista colt, The Giant, Gratitude, Lady Florence colt, and Retainer. A DISTINGUISHED party, consisting of the Duke of Cambridge, the Earl of Chesterfield, Lord Wharncliffe, Lord Canterbury, and Lord Stanhope, who are staying at Gedling Lodge, the seat of the Earl of Chesterfield, visited the noble earl's estate at Stoke Fields, near Nottingham, for a day's shooting, last week. Game was plentiful, and the party had some excellent sport, fifty-seven hares and forty brace of birds being killed by three o'clock in the afternoon. THE commissioners appointed to receive the salmon ova which arrived in Tasmania in April have made their report to the Colonial Government. They state, says the Hobart Town Mercury, that upon examination of the cases on arrival it was found that a close and almost unvarying relation existed between the fate of the ova and the condition of the moss in which thoy were enveloped. Where the moss retained its natural green hue and elasticity there a large proportion of the ova retained a healthy vitality. Where, on the contrary, the moss was of a brown colour, and in a collapsed or compressed form, few of the ova were found alive, and ail were more or less entangled in a network of fungus. The smallest amount of mortality was invariably found to have taken place in those boxes in which the moss had been most loosely packed and the ova subjected to the least amount of pressure. On the 4th of May the first trout made its appearance, followed on the succeeding day by the first salmon that had ever been seen in Australia, or south of the equator. The further hatching of the trout and sal- mon proceeded very slowly for some days, but then became more rapid-especially among the trout. Among these the process was completed about the 25th day of May, producing upwards of 200 healthy fish. The hatching of the salmon is more protracted, and was not concluded until the 8th of June, on which day the last little fish was observed making its escape from the shell. As they continued to make their ap- pearance from day to day their numbers were counted by Mr. Ramsbottom with tolerable accuracy up to about 1,000, after which it was no longer possible to keep any reckoning. The great undertaking of introducing the salmon and trout into Tasmania has now, the commissioners believe, been successfully accomplished. Few countries of the same extent possess more rivera suited to the nature and habits of this noble fish than Tasmania. A stranger acquainted with the salmon rivers of Europe could scarcely behold the ample stream and sparkling waters of the Derwent without fancying that they were already the home of the king of fish. And the Derwent is but one of many other large and ever-flowing rivers almost equally suited to become the abode of the salmon. When these rivers have been stocked, they cannot fail to become a source of considerable public revenue, and of profit and pleasure to the people. THE great and salutary changes that have taken place in connection with rejoicings for the successful in-gathering of the harvest in Oxfordshire have affected the observance of the custom in that county most beneficially, in an equal degree with many of the leading agricultural districts in the kingdom. In the place of the week's excess and dissipation that formerly characterised these gatherings, the landowner, the clergy, the tenant-farmer, and the leading inhabitants generally make it the occasion for social gatherings ef an improved kind in which all may partake, and it is satisfactory to find that this, among other efforts for the social improvement and rational diversion of the labourer, is duly appreciated. The proceedings have invariably been inaugurated with Divine service, at the conclusion of which liberal collections have been made in aid of the Radcliffe Infirmary and other local charitable institutions, and the response made to these varied but seasonable appeals exceeds the anticipations of the most sanguine. Then have followed the attrac- tions of the festive board, the after-dinner addresses in all cases abounding with sterling advice, and instead of the harvest-homes as heretofore, rendering the domestic circle unhappy by reason of the privations they engendered, the wives and families of the labourers have been allowed to partake in the festivities, provision for which has been made most unsparingly. In no instance throughout the country has any case arisen from these festivals calling for police or magisterial interference, and the reform thus effected is in some districts being extended to the dis- continuance of statute or hiring fairs. 
PARTRIDGE SHOOTING AND THE 1ST OF SEPTEM- BER. - Partridge shooting commenced throughout England on Friday, and from the reports which have been received from various parts of the country it appears that the supply of birds is extremely good, and that it will afford ample sport. It is illegal to shoot partridges before the 1st of September, but it is surprising to find what an extensive slaughter there must have been at a very early hour on that morning. As soon as the shop doors of the gentlemen licensed to sell game in the various parts of the metropolis were opened, a fine supply of partridges was exhibited for sale, leading to the inevitable conclusion that they must have been shot very near to London or very soon after the legal hours had set in. Any other view of the case would, of oourse, be extremely uncharitable. CURIOSITIES FROM THE MOORS. -The Earl of Cawdor last week shot a very curiously-coloured grouse, and has sent it to Mr. Macleay, bird-stuffer, to be preserved. It is of a uniform pale ash colour, nearly white, and when killed was plump and in fine healthy condition. Mr. Hanbury, Ord, has also sent Mr. Macleay a. strangely-marked grouse, the prevailing colour of which is a faded yellow, a few of the feathers being a light brown, the wings and tail ash coloured. Other two have been sent by D. H. Mackenzie, Esq., of a peculiarly mottled grey colour. CRICKET ON THE CONTINENT. grand cricket week at Homburg-les-Bains, near Frankforb, has been a great success As previously announced in the London journals, the "Administration "had invited Elevens from England and France to take part in a series of international matches. The invitation was readily accepted, and a capital week's play was the result. Franco and Germany first entered the lists, and after a well-contested game, France won by six wickets. Wednesday, August 16th, was the great day, eleven gentlemen of England being pitted against seventeen of the rest of Europe. Mr. A. Infelix having had the task of getting up tbe Englis h "team "entrusted to him, was fortunate in securing the services of a first-rate Eleven all round; and after throe days' brilliant cricket, England had the honour of winning both the pre- liminary and the return match. On the side of the Eleven,' Mr. Infelix's bowling, Mr. Round's wicket- keeping, and Mr. P. F. Law's fielding were deservedly and frequently applauded; while for the Seventeen, Mr. Greenfield's slows and Mr. Harper's long-stopping were first-rate. The lovely ground was thronged each day with a brilliant assemblage. The Duke and Duchess of Manchester, the Marchioness of Down- shire, Lord and Lady Clanricarde, Lord St. Lawrenee, &c. &c., were amongst the English visitora present at the game; and balls and other festivities in honour of the cricketers brought the grand week to a pleasant termination. THE season for taking salmon in England and Wales (except by angling) closed with the month of August, and the fence time commenced on the 1st of Sept. Salmon, however, may be sold for three days longer, anl anglers have two months' grace, angling for salmon (not for sale) being permitted up to November • The fish are already, many of them, out «f condi- tion, and it is the general conviction (except on the part of anglers themselves) that the extension of the angling season ought to be more limited, as no doubt it leads to the destruction of many fish that are almost reacy to spawn. The take of salmon in the season just closed in those two important salmon rivers, the Severn and the Wye, has been moderate. An umisual number of fish have been taken that were marked as if by the bite of some creatures, snp posed to be p-irpoiees. 
REMOVAL OF MESSRS. TATTERSALLS FROM "THE CORNER."-The necessary preparations have been commenced for the conversion of the Portman-street Barracks, Portman-square, which have been given up by Government, into a horse repository, for the use of the Messrs. Tattersalls, who are about to remove the whole of their extensive establishment thither from the premises so long occupied by them in Grosvenor- place, Hyde-park-corner. THE fact has been remarked by sportsmen in France this season that there is a great scarcity of quails in every part of the country. IN the county of Tipperary a gentleman of large property-a prince of good fellows in the hunting-field -lately died, leaving behind him the evidence of his peculiar tastes. The harness-room in connection with his stables was found to contain no fewer than 100 saddles, but few of them had ever been used. THE French sportsmen think of introducing the bronze pheasant of Japan, and hope that it will cross with the present pheasant of Europe, and introduce a hardier breed of birds which will increase in quantity and become hardy denizens of woods and forests, even during the severest winters. i The Fans Oricket Dlub promises to become a COIn- plete success. The players muster in sufficient numbers to insure periodical matches. THE Spaniards of Vittoria have introduced a refined piece of cruelty into their bull-fights-namely, the in- troduction into the arena of a very tame" and good- natured elephant, with the hope that the bull would attack and gore the elephant into reprisals. But their hopes were disappoimted. The enraged bull no sooner saw the monster than his pluck left him, and he walked quietly round the elephant, eyeing him with trepida- tion and curiosity. A GENUINE NIMROD.-A few days since Colonel R. Farquharson of Invercauld went out deer-stalking on Lochnagar. After a most laborious stalk, he with great difficulty got within range of a herd consisting of fifty stags, and was just about to fire right and left, when something or other startled the noble herd, which went off at a rapid pace along the shoulder of the mountain. The gallant colonel, however, was not inclined to be thus disappointed, and instantly spring- ing to his feet he spiritedly gave chase for about a quarter of a mile, when, having approached within upwards of two hundred yards, he fired, bringing down one of the best stags, there being two which he had marked out while on the stalk. Running a few yards farther forward he fired a second time, when the other tumbled over. THE CRICKETERS FOR AUSTRALIA.-The twelve cricketers who are in a few months to uphold the sporting fame of the mother country at the Antipodes, are all now in London, making the necessary prepara- tions for their long voyage, half round the earth. They were to receive the sum of money, £ 50 per man, which has been munificently sent over, as the price of their engagement, and they are now occupied in making purchases for their outfit. They were to have embarked early this month in the Great Britain, but the start has been delayed till the 15th, in order that this splendid steamship may be fitted with larger boilers. It is calculated that this alteration will have the effect of shortening the trip by six days. Some little alteration has been made in the original list, but we believe that the following is a correct list of those who will sail from Liverpool next week:-G. Parr, Jackson, E. C. Tinley, and A. Clarke (Nottingham- shire) Caffyn, Lockyer, and Csesar (Surrey); Ander- son (Yorkshire); Hayward, Carpenter, and Tarrant (Cambridgeshire); and Mr. E. M. Grace-probably the finest team of .cricketers the world ever saw united. 
THE Levant Herald says the cricket match between her Majesty's Embassy and the Caradoc on the one side, and the Constantinople Club on the other, came off at the Sweet Waters of Asia. on Saturday, July 21. Play began about eleven a.m., and lasted, with a couple of hours' interval, till after six p.m., when the diplomats and bluejackets were thoroughly, but not ingloriously, beaten. The attendance of outside spectators was unusually large, and included most of the rank and fashion of Candili, Bebak, Therapia, Buyukdere, and the other regions round about the Bosphorus. An admirable lunch, hospitably open to all comers, was served about two o'clock, and hence on till the close of the game the scene was as lively as capital play and brilliant company could make it. YOUNG WOODCOCKS.-How many form a family? Last Sunday evening, says a correspondent of the Field, whilst taking a stroll of investigation in a natural birch wood covert, on the banks of a famous salmon river, I saw what I had often heard of, but never known previously, even in an fxperience of their breeding ground on the other side of the Atlantic -four young woodcocks. In the midst of a luxuriant patch of the common felis mas fern, arrested in its progress by the stagnant sloppiness and sponginess of the outlet of a hill burn, which forms a delicious natu- ral feeding-ground for snipe and their cousin a in hard weather, I was arrested by the rush of a bird rising through the air. I at once recognised a woodcock as it cleared the natural birch trees, 15ft. to 20ft. tigia, ov« and through which it took its way, flying pretty strong. I had havAiy "t."h..d it for five seconds, and turned half round to look again at the ground, before another, then another, got up on my left and slightly in the rear, and, flying with consider- able difficulty, got over a fence some twelve yards distant into a clover field. Almost before they had alighted there I step ped out on my way, when a fourth got up in front to mj right, about two yards from me, so that I must have been right among them before J they would rise. The last flew not more than ten to j twenty yards at a time, scarcely rising four feet from the gronsd. I ran it down in some 400 yards, cutting f it off from the clumps of fern, which it made for and tried to hide in. As I neared it it increased its flights: for a short distance, and ran in the intervals of flying almost as fast as an old cock pheasant scuttling into covert when he suspects something; but its flight soon 1 got shorter. I turned it loose on satisfying my. self it was a woodcock. None but the last made any cry on rising; but it jabbered in what Carlyle would call "inarticulate shrieking" each time it had to land. I imagine, from its being the last to rise and its flight, that it was the Benjamin of the brood (were they all one brood ?). Captain Mut grave has told us pleasantly, in his manly narrative of his shipwreck, that young seals cost their mammsa as much training to take the water, as a young lady in her first season the revered parent, in trusting her offspring to the risks of the ocean of life. In noticing these innocent woodcocks, I was struck by what all who have observed birds must be aware of, that "wingmanship" does not "come by nature," as Dogberry believed reading and writing did in his day, and gig-driving and farming in ours by his descend- ants. All these tyros in the art (the last particularly) flew awkwardly, feet hanging down, tail outspread, and screwed in below them at an obtuse angle, I pre- sume, to give their pectoral muscles a stand-point for the leverage of their wings. Better mark still of their incapacity and clumsiness, the axis of their bor.]y more or less perpendicular-the one run down particularly noticeable in that-just liko & hobbledehoy bantam trying to fly over a fence too tall for him. In fact, no one accustomed to the powerful, swift, and what (for want of a better epithet) I must call the dreamy flight of the full-grown woodcock, could have believed it was the young that flew as my vroUgis did. THE legitimate "opening" of what in the metro- polis is termed the "ouster season," took place on Saturday morning at Billingsgate Market. Prices ruled as follows:-Natives, 90s. to 1001. per bushel; pearls, chene rock?, and old royals, 30d. to 3-JS. common and other inferior kinds, from 13s. per bushel and upwards. AN intrepid swimmer has crossed the Lake of Geneva between Belotte and Bellevue. The feat occupied two hours and a half. During all this time the swimmer took no rest, not even by floating on his back. By the kindness of gentlemen in Nottingham and neighbourhood private hospitality will be offered to more than 300 members of the British Association at the ensuing meeting. Lodgings at an average of 5s. per night have been registered for more than 1,000 visitors and if the meeting is a very large one, from 200 to 300 beds have been reserved in neighbouring towns, easily accessible by special trains after every night of the meeting. AMATEUR SWIMMING MATCH.-On Saturday morn- ing the race for the amateur silver challenge cup, pre- sented by Mr. John Latey, the honorary secretary of the London Swimming Club, took place in the Serpen- tine. The start was from the grating end to Kensing- ton-bridge, 1,000 yards, half-past six being the time specified. There were four entries, viz., Messrs. W. Adams, W. Cole, C. Powell, and F. Smith, but only the first two names appeared at the starting place. They started very evenly and kept together for rather more than 100 yards, when Adams began to take the lead, which he gradually increased, and won very easily, doing the distance in about 1St minutes; but the time is not a fair criterion of his powers, as Cole gave up some distance from the bridge. A CONTEMPORARY says the approaching shooting season offers additional sport in this country, as French partridges (which, in sporting phraseology, are better known as red legs") have located and bred this summer on the hills of Mersham and Godatone. These birds are very plentiful in Norfolk and Essex, and there ia a sprinkling of them in Kent, from which counties these French strangers are supposed to have deserted. They have reared young broods which are strong, but their habit of running makes them rarely to be seen on the wing. For our part we would rather be without such ie than with them. They neither A afford sport nor ithey good to eat. THE imperial nmission for the Paris Exhibition next year has arijed a department in which sailing fa boats, rowing be, and models of ships an y I of all nations cibe exhibited. The model J1 properly placed light and well-covered g » li while the bsata,ints, and canoes occupy a su a roofed shed on margin of the river close to the e principal bridge ling to the exhibition, from whence g they can be readiowered into the water for u • e has been proposeo have a sailing match for scno t and cutter yachts Havre, in July next, and an in. • j national regattaill take place on the Seme. The I English committin connection with this dopartmen^ ( of the Paris Exhiion (of which H R. H. the Duke of ] Edinburgh is cbman) have invited the principal] yacht and boat-ilders to apply for space, and the yacht clubs of tUnited Kingdom will be requested to take part in e sailing matches. The sailors of the Royal Navy v. be permitted to roW is the regatta, and it is hoped ts several prizes will be offered. THE Oxford aiCambridge College Servants Eight- oar race took pb from Jffley to Oxford last week. Hitherto the Oxrd servants have emulated the ex- ample set them their masters at Putney, having been successful six previous occasions, while the Cantabs had nevacored a victory on the water; but it having become kwn that they possessed an unusually good erew, theyrere speedily made the favourites. As the choice of des of the river was known to be a manifest advante, it was determined to have a time race, the crews wing to start eighty y^r(*s aP Oxford had the st position, and went off at a pace which made the friends sanguine of success for a time, but on nting the Gut Cambridge began to gain, and gradily lessened the distance between them, until neathe finish they were so close that a "bump" (a foe seemed inevitable. Easing a little they reached thf flag only a few yards behind Oxford, who shut up wht they heard the report of the Cam- bridge pistol, an rowed leisurely to their goal, many seconds behind (mbridge in point of time. The re- sult was receivedn all sides with great applause. The Oxonians were ;e heavier crew. The Cantabs were entertained at (public banquet at the Town-hall in OF all the futy and amusing P6^30113,1^ of Mr°' give us Arthur3ketchley. His character cJ! Mrs. Brown is inimitKle. How he goes <ou j w >,ow holiday, how si i3 entertained at the J » they get home i the evening, are aU things seen and heard 3 be appreciated. a amazes unlikely that M: Sketchley will be sued for damages some day or oier for splitting the sides of some gentleman's carcsposa, or of some ladies inferior half. We are informe* however, that Mr. Arthur Sketchley will shortly leav this country for America, and take Mrs. Brown wih him. Oh, fie! what will ^s* Arthur Skatchlf say, and what will they say at the Egyptian Hall. 
DURING the last week in September, the Right Hon. Earl Manvers, and a distinguished party of sportsmen, have been shooting over a portion of his lordship's Holme Pierrepont estates, near Notting- ham. Game is very plentiful, but the birds are very wild on the wing, and extremely difficult to be got at. The following is the result of seven days' shooting -viz., 1,040 hares, 21St brace of birds, and 94 rabbits making a total of 1,561 head, being an average of 223 per day. The number of guns averaged four a day. AN extraordinary leap is recorded of a colt foal, five months old, the property of a gentleman in Lincolnshire, which was sent by the Great Northern Railway to London, and as the train was passing the Ponton station, at a somewhat reduced rate, the youngster was seen to leap through the aperture or window which is above the head of the horses in the boxes. On alighting, it rolled down an embankment which the train was passing over at the time. The person who saw the foal jump out went to see what had happened to it, and found it quietly grazing, not having received the slightest injury, and with scarcely a hair unruffled. IN consequence of a providential irregularity on the part of the Home Secretary, says a Perthshire corres- pondent, the rod fishing this season in the Tay must close on the 30th of September. By a by-law, which has not been properly confirmed, the commissioners, under the Salmon Fisheries Act, had fixed the 10th of October. To protract the rod fishing to the 10th of October would be a most destructive arrangement for the river, while it could not afford anything worthy of the name of sport to the angler. The fishing for a number of days past has been a perfect scandal. Owing, no doubt, in some measure, to the failure of the net fishing in the end of the season, the river is teeming with salmon, so much so that it is hardly possible, if the water be in any sort of ply, to escape hooking perfect shoals. Everybody is at it, and the baskets are quite fabulous. But what is it they are all killing ? Why, breeding fish, almost every one of them; most of them quite unfit for food, and very many of them positively repulsive to look at. There can surely be very little of either pleasure or profit in killing such animals, although it is no secret that boxes of them have been sent off to the south. We do not think it is a legitimate use of this rod fishing privilege to turn it into a mere piece of money-making, but however that may be, there certainly can be nothing said in justification of the wholesale destruc- ) tion of breeding fish. IN Mar Forest, says the Banffshire Chronicle, Lord Fife killed at the Derry two stags on Wednesday, one of them a fine royal head, and weighing 18 stones exactly, the other 16 stones. On Thursday his lord- ship killed three stags-the best a magnificent beast, weighing 18 stones 71b.; the next a royal stag, weighing 17 stones 21b.; and the third, also a good head, weighed 16 stones 61b. The Duke of Richmond's party were not in the forest all last week, mostly staying at Gordon Castle. At Balmaccaan, the Earl of Seafield and party have had good stalking, having brought down during the week no fewer than five stags, all in good condition. At Loch Errocht, during the week ending on Saturday last, Lord Henry Ben tinck brought down no fewer than 13 stags, one of them a superior royal. The Hon. George Skene Duff, on Monday I last, was out in the Altanower Forest, and had a most successful stalk, bringing down three splendid stags, weighing each from 15 to 16 stones, clean. On Wed- nesday, on Cairn Vaich, he brought down another stag of 16 stones, possessed of a very elegant head; while on Thursday the hon. gentleman was out deer-stalking J on Morven, killing one stag of upwards of 16 stones weight. On Friday and Saturday he had similar success, on the former day bringing down a fine stag in the woods next to Mar Lodge, and on the latter another on the Glenchristie hills, making a total for the week of seven stags. In the Corndavon Forest, Mr. Amherst, brother to Viscount Holmesdale, was out deer-stalking on Wednesday, bringing down two splendid stags, one of which had a very handsome royal head. On Monday last Viscount Holmesdale, M.P., had a most successful stalk, when one stag fell to his rifle. The head was indeed a very rare specimen of what is termed in the technical phraseology of deer- stalking the real Caberfeigh. A MAGNIFICENT salmon was caught at Montrose last week. Its dimensions were 63 inches in length and 29 in girth, and its weight 501b. THE late Duke of Cleveland's entire stud of horses will come to the hammer on Wednesday and Thursday, in the Second October Meeting, at Newmarket. MESSRS. TATTERSALL have received instructions to dispose of Lord Yarborough's stud of brood mares, hunters, and other horses, on the 20th instant, at Brocklesby, being the day after Lincoln races. WILD geese have already made their appearance in Gloucestershire, in the new grounds near Berkeley Castle. There is an old saying in this county that if these migratory birds appear before Wooton fair it will be a hard winter; under these circumstances, should the proverb be true, we may anticipate much cold. THE Sporting Gazette says that a project has been brought forward at Newmarket during the week to raise the sum demanded by Mr. I'Anson for his cele- brated horse, Blair Athol-< £ 8,000-by shares of £1,000 each, with the laudable intention of preventing his sale to the foreigners. Four or five names were put down, and we heartily hope the necessary amount will be subscribed to preserve such a horse to the country. THE usual harmony of the meetings of the Cork harriers, says the Court Journal, was on Friday dis- turbed by a fracas which occurred about half way on the hunt. Captain at present residing in Cork, was about to take a leap in some portion of the field, but, whether through accident or otherwise is net stated, was baulked by having his horse crossed by Mr. a gentleman residing within a few miles of Cork. Captain -- at once accused Mr. -- of hav- ing baulked his horse intentionally, on which, it is stated, that gentleman retorted that Captain -- waa a liar. The word immediately led to blows, and a most vigorous fight between the two gentlemen began, which was only terminated after some minutes by the interposition of some of the other gentlemen present. THE Hawick Advertiser tells us that Master Reynard paid a visit to Branxholm-park on Wednes- day, and made a clean sweep of the turkey roost. A search was made in the neighbouring fields to ascer- tain if the delinquent had left any remains of his booty, when no fewer than fourteen of the turkeys were found carefully secreted in different parts of a neighbouring field. The depredator is suspected to be the tailless fox known by the sobriquet of Stumpy," which has long levied contributions on the poultry yards of the district, and defied the Buccleuch hounds in many a hard run. 
THE veteran gamekeeper of J. Tollemache, Esq., M.P., Mr. Charles Hewitt, on his Peckferton estate, who is in the 95th year of his age, shot, at two consecutive shots, two wild rabbits on the run, and killed both of them. That was some weeks ago. He has since per- formed the same feat. CRICKET IN FRANCE. -Cham, in Charavari, sketches one enthusiastic cricketer, who exclaims, "At first your teeth and eyes are no doubt very much in the way in cricket; but when once the ball has knocked them out, you can give your undivided attention to the game." Another is interrupted as he takes his place before the wicket by a spectator who cries, Stay one instant! Are you married ? Have you any children ? Is there nothing to bind you to life ? No ? Very well, then; play away!" Doncaster Prophecies. The CHAMPAGNE STAKES-Bell's Life: Mr. Merry's best; Strathconan or Lord Lyon. Era: Lord Lyon or Bee'zebub. Field Lord Lyon, Monarch of the Glen, or Robin Hood. Sporting Life: Lord Lyon or Mr. Merry's best. Sportsman: Lord Lyon. Sporting Gazette: Lord Lyon or Robin Hood. The GLASGOW STAKES -Bell's Life: Chibisa or Knight of St. Michael. Era: Chibisa, Lord of the Vale, or Knight of St. Michael. Field: Chibisa. Sporting Life: Lord of the Vale or Chibisa. Sports- man Chibisa. Sporting Gazette: Chibisa or Lord of the Vale. The FILLY STAKES -Bell's STAKES Life: Gretna, Miss Harriette, or Valeria. Era: Miss Harriette or Gretna. Field: Valeria. Sporting Life: Gretna. Sportsman: Gretna. Sporting Gazette: Gretna. The GREAT YORKSHIRE HANDICA.P-Bell's Life: Ackworth or Holstein. Era: Ackworth or Buckfoot. Field: Buckfoot or Verdant. Sporting Life: Claremont or Ackworth. Sporting Gazette: Ackworth, Brindisi, or Swordsman. Sportsmcm: Ackworth. The REVIVAL PLATE -Bell's PLATE Life: Queen of Trumps or Attraction. Era: Queen of Trumps or Balsam. Sporting Life Queen of Trumps. Sporting Gazette: Qaeeii of Trumps or Liddington. Sports- man Queen of Trumps or Liddington. The DONCASTER PLATE-Belt's Life Vixen, Stockinger, or Lacky Star. Era: Stookinger or Gratitude. Field: Lord Stamford's selected or Jack o'Lantern. Sporting Life: Jack o'Lantern or Grati- tude. Sportsman: Red Earl. Sporting Gazette: Thalassius, The Eland, Molly Carew, or Red Earl. The MUNICIPAL STAKES -Bell s Life: San Si. Sporting Life San Si. Sportsman San Si. Sport- wig Gazette: San Si. The ST. LEGER STAKES-Bell's Life: Gladiateur 1, Regalia 2. Era: Gladiateur 1, Regalia 2, Klarinska 3. Field: Gladiateur to win, Regalia and Peeress for places. Sporting Life: Gladiatenr 1, Regalia 2, Klarinska 3. Sportsman: Gladiateur 1, Klarinska 2. Sporting Gazette Gladiateur to win, Christmas Carol and Klarinska for places. The CORPORATION PLA.TE-Bell's Life: Exche- quer, Lion, or Muezzin. Field: Thalassius. Sporting Life: Princess of Wales or Celerrima. Sportsman Mnezzin, Mally Carew, Filbert, or Celerrima. Sport- ing Gazette: Mupzzin. Filbert, or Celerrima. HANDICAP SWEEPSTAKES of 10 sovs each- Bells Life: Callipolis er Mr. Jackson's representative. Field: Retrouaee or Kingfisher. Sporting Life: Strathfieldsaye or Graysfcocking. Sportsman: Re- trousse, Crown Prince, Steamboat, Tormentor, or Acttea. Sporting Gazette: Queen Mary or Actsea. A SWEEPSTAKES of 10 sovs each. for two yr elds -Bell's Life: Esca or Strathconan. Era: Best of the Duke of Beaufort's three. Field: The Duke of Beau- fort's. Sporting Gazette: The Duke of Beaufort's best, or Knight of the Crescent. The SCARBOROUGH STAKES.-Bell's Life: Heir at Law. Era: Brown Dayrcll. • Field: Brown Day- rell. Sporting Gazette Brahma. The ZETLAND STAKES-Bell's Life: Heir at Law (in the absence of Archimedas). Era: Archi- medes. Field: Archimedes. Sporting Gazette: IA Fortune. The EGLINTON STAKES-Bell's Life: Christmas Carol. Era: Chibisa or Lord of the Vale. The PORTLAND PLITE-Bellis Life: Lion, Filbert, Tennyson, or Antimacassar. Era: Blondina or Lion. Sporting Gazette:. Split the Difference, Chibisa., or Lord of the Vale. The CLEVELAND HANDICAP Bell's Life: Master Richard, Exchequer, or Stockinger. Era: Master Richard. Field: Master Richard. A SWEEPSTAKES of 200 sovs. each-Bell's Life: Archimedes. Era: Will be compromised. Fteld: Rifie. Sportiwi Gazette Rifle or ualoyor. The PARK HILL STAKES-Bell's Life: Klarin- ska. Et-<-t,; Klarinska. Field: Klarinska, Sporting Gazette: Klarinaka. The DONCASTER STAKES -Bell's STAKES Life: Gladia- teur or Todleben. Era: Gladiateur. Field Gladia- teur. Sporting Gazette: Gladiateur. The DON STAKES-BeIL'sLife: Lid-iinLfon. Era: Liddinsrtot). Field: Liddington. Sporting Gazette i Liddington.
LORD STKATHMOBE has retired from the Turf, and his entire racing stud will be sold at Newmarket during the Houghton Meeting. GLOUCESTER Races, which were to have taken place during the month of November, have been given up, in consequence, to a great degree, of the stewards, the Duke of Beaufort and Earl of Coventry, having withdrawn their names. DURING the last three open fishing days on the river Earn last week, Lord Dupplin and Lord Charles Kerr had some excellent sport frem the bank of Dupplin Castle-killing 13 salmon, 5 grilse, and 19 sea trout. The salmon weighed in all 2171bs., and many of them were clean run. AN influential meeting of the landed proprietors of the County Carlow was lately held in the town of Carlow, for the purpose of adopting measures to pre- serve the salmon in the Barrow and the Nore. A PARAGRAPH last week went the round of the papers to the effect that Messrs Tattersall's establish- ment was about to be removed to the Portman-street Barracks. This was not accurate. A capital site has been secured at Knightsbridge, where, in fact, the building is fast progressing. The offices are already carried to their full height, and the roofs are now being put on. The entire frontage, presenting a very hand- some appearance, will be towards Knightsbridge-green; while the gateway embraces three arches, the one on either side for pedestrians and the centre for horses, with equally convenient distinct access to the offices of the firm and the subscription-room. The latter will be large and lofty, and the stables backed by all the advantages of light, height, and width. Trying as it may be for many an old stager to turn away from the familiar Corner," the new Tattersall's, like the new hotels, will have many a "pull" in the way of due accommodation for man and horse." THE native species of wild cat infests the forests of Germany this year in such numbers that sportsmen, in many districts, complain that there is hardly a hare to be shot. This ferocious little member of the feline race has even committed considerable havoc among the young deer in some parts of the country. The consequence is that regular cat-hunts have been found necessary to thin their numbers. THE FOREST AND MOORs.-Good sport has been got on the Earlof Seafield's grounds at Balmacaan. His lordship was out stalking in Shewglie Forest, Glen-Urquhart, the other day, and brought down a fine stag of ten points, and another party on the moors bagged twelve brace grouse, one and a half brace black game, a couple of snipes, and two hares. On the 30th ult., the Earl stalked and brought down a fine stag of ten points, and Sir Alexander Bonner- man shot a large stag of eleven points. The same day, on the moors, Mr. Biddulph bagged six brace of grouse. On the 2nd inst., Sir Alexander Banner- man stalked and brought down one stag and a fallow buck; and William Tomlin, Esq., shot a stag and one roe-deer. On the same day the Earl of SéáfteJÜ bagged five brace of partridges and two hare's. On the 3rd the Earl of Seafield and party went out in the afternoon, and shot one stag and two roe-bucks. The party found the grouse healthy and numerous, but owing to the wet stormy weather they are very wild. On the Duke of Richmond's grounds of Glenfiddoch and Blackwater, there has also been good sport. On the 28th ult., his Grace shot two fine stags, after having that morning come from the castle, and Mr. Knox killed one of 15 stones. On the 29th, his Grace brought down a stag of upwards of 14 stones. On the following day Lord Hamilton killed four stags, weighing from 13 to 14 stones. On the 1st inst., Lord Hamilton had two of 13 stones. On the following day his Grace had one of 14 stones, and on the 3rd Lord Hamilton brought down two, one weighing 13 stones 121bs., and the other 14 stones 10lbs. IT was a remark of the late Duke of Wellington that those who were fond of field sports, hunting, racing, and shooting, always made the best cavalry officers, as the pursuit of these manly exercises gave them activity, nerve, and quicksightedness, in addition to rendering them healthy, and capable of enduring great fatigue. Carrying out the views of the Iron Duke," the com- manding officers of all our cavalry regiments have always encouraged such sports, and no corps have been more conspicuous in that respect than the 9th (Queen's Royal) Lancers, whose gallant deeds in the Peninsula, at Punniar, Sobraon, Punjaub, Chillian- wallah, and Goojerat, are well known to the world. Last week, the Autumn Sportring Meeting of the 9th Lancers took place on the Brighton Racecourse, which was thrown open to them by the Race Club Committee, the trustees of the race-stand presenting a handsome silver cup, of the value of fifty sovereigns, to be run for. The stewards were Major Johnson, Major Rich, and Mr. Floyd. Captain Mahon acted as judge, Mr. N. Stephenson as clerk of the scales, Mr. Thonger as starter, and Mr. G. Longman, as secretary-all of the 9th Lancers. Nothing could be better than the arrangements, as the most perfect unanimity prevailed throughout. The stewards, who were perfectly au fait with their duties, arranged a capital bill of fare, including three stakes-a plate, a cup, and a match. Their courtesy to their guests and those assembled in the stand was most praiseworthy. Captain Mahon, like a good soldier, never left his post in the judge's stand. Mr. Stephenson attended to the weights, and was as zealous in that department as he is in the riding-school. Mr. Thonger proved, in his person, at least, that military starters are better than civilians, for nothing could exceed his system; while especial thanks are due to Mr. G. Longman for the admirable manner in which he carried out the duties of secretary. The gentlemen jockeys acquitted themselves very well indeed, and, where all rode well, it would be invidious to select any upon whom to bestow the palm of victory; suffice it to say that the riding of Captains Starkey and Erskine, Messrs. Lawrence, Chalmers, and Longman was particularly noticeable. Mr. Lawrence, on Greyfoot, the runaway horse, managed it splendidly, and his riding was the admiration of everybody. With all the strength the gallant officer could bring to bear, he could not stop the wild animal until he had gone, at least, five miles, and an ordinary horseman must have met with a serious accident. The meeting went off admirably, and the amusement of the day was wound up by Carlotta Patti's concert in the evening, which was well attended, and went off admirably. We understand that the officers of the 9th Lancers propose getting up a series of theatrical entertainments for the winter months. The Cesarewitch Prophecies. The writer'to Bell's Life thus concluded his lengthy analysis: "We are inclined to look for the winner among such a lot as Umpire, Limosina, Drummer Boy, and Lioness; and while afraid to put implicit faith in the uncertain Umpire, we must pin our faith to Limosina or Drummer Boy, as the most likely to carry off the twenty-fifth Cesarewitch." Somniosus," in the same paper, places Lioness first and Twilight second.. "Beacon," in the Sporting Gazette, said: Having curtly recorded my impressions respecting all the horses likely to take part in the contest, it only re- mains for me to say that I expect Umpire, Emblem, Myrtle, Limosina, and Drummer Boy will comprise the front rank at the finish, and the last named I consider entitled to the preference, as he has the best of the weights, and his recent running shows that he is in form." The following also appear in the same paper "Rhyming Richard" selects Emblem and Drummer Soy, "with JVTr. Ten Broecfc for a ee location." < £ Birm- ingham" selects Umpire. selects Fantail as the winner, with Jack of Hearts and Blackdown well up. Aladdin thinks that Emblem will win every inch of the way. "Observer," in the Field, said: "I shall conclude my comments on the race by predicting as the winner, Lioness or Limosina, and Blackdown, Myr- tle, and Drummer Boy I shall expect to find close up." Touchstone," in the Era, thus concluded his prognos- tications We shall follow the usual plan we adopt in making a selection for a big race, and believing that all has not been made public as yet respecting the horses trained by Godding, we shall place the first three as under:-Limosina, A. Edwards, 1; Lioness, H. Covey, 2; Umpire, J. Adams, 3. If an outsider upsets our calculations, we shall not be surprised to find it either Agag or Real Jam." "Augur," in the Sporting Life, said: Having from time to time treated upon this handicap, let me remark that, in my opinion, there are only four really in it-Lioness, Drummer Boy, Limosina, and Umpire, and of this quartette my choice must remain as heretofore, for Lioness and Drummer Boy." Tom Noddy," in the same paper, selects Limosina. The Court Journal gave Emblem or Drummer Boy, with Venison for a cockboat, if he should start. "Hotspur," in the Telegraph, gave Lioness and Drummer Boy. The Result of the Race proved that the "knowing ones" were not far wrong in their calculations. Lioness, who started first favourite, was declared the winner. Simosina second, and Jack of Hearts third. 
THE Earl of Eglington has offered a silver cup, value .£40, to be competed for by the various cricket clubs in Ayrshire. THE ancient pleasure and goose fair at Croydon has seen its last day. The old fair field in Park-lane was purchased by arbitration on Wednesday last by the Brighton Railway Company, for the enormous sum of .£18600, or X2,000 per acre, and is being boarded in, and the ground dug out for gravel. IN the match Surrey v. England, last week, Mr. Grace, who made 224 runs, is calculated to have travelled five miles between the wickets. Poor man (says a contemporary)! how many postmen, how- ever old, travel ten miles, and with profit to the country and themselves (16s. a week) in the same time! SOME hawking parties are at present taking place at Champagne. The falconry was last week established at the Camp at Chalons, where were collected speoi- mens of all kinds of birds used for this sport. Several parties took place, at which Prince Joachim Murat, Marshal Regnauld de-Saint-Jean-d'Angely, Count de Montebello, Count Davilliera, &c., were present. THOMAS POWELL, Esq., the lessee of Old Mar Lodge, Braemar, was out stalking last Wednesday, and killed five fine stags, one of them having a fine royal head. On Friday he killed two stags near the Lodge. The same day the Hon. George S. Duff was out in Alton- ower-forest, and killed two splendid stags. Last Mon- day Colonel Farquharson, after a highly exciting stalk, killed a couple of fine stags in the forest to the east of Invercauld-house. Sporting prospects continue excel- lent. Mr. Powell was out duck shooting on Thurs- day, and bagged seventy head on the Craggon Loch and contiguous ground near Allanquoich. THE International Marine Exhibition is to open at Boulogne on the 16th instant. Norway, Holland, Denmark, Prussia, England, Ireland, and. Scotland have already forwarded contributions of the various fishmg-taokle made use of in these countries, as well as of valuable works, drawings, prints, &o.. bearing on marine subjects. The last International Marine Exhi- bition took place last year at Bergen, in Norway, and was a decided success. A monster aquarium is like- wise to afford amusement to the visitors to Boulogue, and the 15th inst. is to be commemorated in that sea- port by a gorgeous religious ceremony, at which several archbishops and bishops are to be present, in order to consecrate^ the magnificent altar presented by the Roman Prince Tortonia to the cathedral. This altar, composed of the rarest marbles, is incrusted with pre- cious stones and cameos of exquisite beauty. As a work of artistic merit it is said to be the finest which has been produced at Rome duriag the present cen- tury. Its value amounts to l.opo.ooof. ONE of the pests of the English turf, named Harry Jonas, alias Davis, made his appearance at the Deauville race-course, Francs, last Saturday and Sunday, accom- panied by some more of tne fraternity. They took up their quarters at a first-slass hocel, where they left the bill unpaid. Jones superintended the betting list, 1 neatly arranged, in a carriage, under the name of Morris and Co., 123, Regent-street. Sunday, it ap- pears, was fixed upon by these scamps for their grand eoup, and as soon as the races commenced, Mr. Jones explained to the public in French that the best race to bee upon was the steeple chase, the last race, and, consequently, Morris and Co. received a goad deal of money, about G.OOOfr. we are told. Whilst the dead heat was being run off, and just prior to the steeple chase, Mr. Jones informed an old Jew who was selling sticks on the eourse that his friends and himself were goin^ to take some refreshment, and that, if ho would take°care of the conveyance, representing the estab- lishment of Morris and Co., ho would reward him with five francs. Our readers can imagine where Mr. Harry Jones with his friends went to, and they can likewise imagine the position of poor Shy lock when the backers of Valentino came howling for their money at the impromptu bank of Morris and Co. The police were sent after the fellows, but they evaded them until they reached Dieppe, where Jones was arrested at the moment he was embarking for Newhaven, en route for Brighton races. He was remanded for a week, and it is to be hoped will be sentenced to a lengthened term of im- PISEVERAL anglers have had good sport in the Gal way river this season. They have killed 1,982 salmon in 19 weeks. Professor Townshend killed 82lbs. weight in one day, and his brother killed 152 salmon in the month of June. Major de Montmorency killed between March 14th and Juna salmon weighing 2,1001ba. On the 18th June he oaught 20 salmon, 16 by fly, and four by the shrimp bait. The net-fishing has been very - - BI
AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS.-The following table of the doings of the Australian Twelve during the year 1863 may prove interesting :- „ No. of No. of Most in Most in a matches, innings, an inning. Kiatch. it' Anderson 30 50 82 85 691 Csesar 29 48 59 94 660 Caffyn 38 61 70 77 854 Carpenter. 38 56 78 78 1,074 Clarke 34 53 50 61 551 Grace.. 50 79 163 178 .3,074 Hayward 33 55 112 112 1,149 Jackson 38 51 100 100 578 Loekyer 28 38 76 76 551 parr 21 34 43 56 490 Tarrant. 34 61 64 74 7.69 Tinley 35 43 43 43 473 UNSEASONABLE FISH IN THE THAMES. - James Meads, of Sunbury, was charged before the Hampton magistrates last week, on the information of river- keeper Cowdery, of the Thames Angling Preservation Society, with taking a trout at Sunbury on the 5th of October, out of season, under rule 23 of the orders and ordinances of the river. The defendant pleaded guilty of taking the trout, but without knowing he was doing wrong. Mr. Briggs attended upon behalf of the society, and urged upon the bench the import- ance of punishing offenders taking ^fish full of spawn, especially after the exertions made,, by the society to breed and preserve trout, &c.; but in this case, as the man had done it in ignorance, and was in poor circum- stances, he would withdraw from the prosecution, and leave it in the hands of the bench. The magistrates, after commenting upon the handsome way in which the Thames Angling Preservation Society had left the matter with them, strongly admonished the defendant, stating that if anyone else did the same thing again they would enforce the full penalty, and spoke in the highest terms of the society and the good they believed that was done by it. PROSPECTS OF THE SHOOTING SEASON AT SAND- RINGHAM.-His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales commenced the shooting season on his sporting estate at Sandringham last week with every prospect of abundant sport; and though, with the Prince Christian, Prince Frederick, and their respective gentlemen in waiting, there will be six or eight guns, there is evi- dence of there being plenty of game to afford their Royal Highnesses a successful season. The weather has been very favourable for the rearing of game, and the Prince's gamekeepers have been very assiduous in their preservation, having been seconded in their efforts by the tenants on the estate. What the royal estate lacks in extent is fully made up in variety, both of landscape and game. In addition to there being plenty of hares, pheasants, and partridges, it is reported that there are blackgame and woodcock, whilst on the marshes on the Woolverton side of the estate, wildfowl are said to be very plentiful. There are also several foxes in the coverts, so that a blank will not dis- appoint his Royal Highness, as was the case when the meet" was at Sandringham last year. SOUTH TIPPEBARY BOWMEN.-The members of this society, says the Field, have closed the season with a brilliant entertainment at Knockloft, the demesne of the Earl and Countess of Donoughmore, where 200 ladies and gentlemen were entertained to dinner. Previous to the banquet shooting had taken place at six targets, which were intrusted to the super- intendance of the following "oaptaina"-Col. Eveleigh, C.B., Mr. F. P. Tydd, Mr. Edmund Power, and Mr. Osborne. After dinner Lord Donoughmore distributed the prizes, remarking that such was the progress made by the shooters in the art that scarcely anything was now thought of a score which but a couple of years since was looked upon as a really wonderful per- formance. The highest gross score of the day (246) was made by Miss Fanny Quinn, who received a beautiful suite of ornaments which the bachelors of the club had purchased as their prize. Miss Power made the next best score of the meeting, 220, but, owing to her having this year at a former meeting won the first, prize, she had to submit to a deduction of 26 for outer whites, and Miss Grubb came in for the first club prize (a beautiful gold bracelet set with emeralds) with a score of 218. i, Miss Fanny Gough having made 217, won the second club prize. Miss Mary Gough and Miss Lucy Quinn made the very respectable scores of 212 and 204, but received no prize. Miss M. Mansergh and Miss A. Perry tied for the best gold. In dis- tance from the centre of the target those two last- named ladies were precisely equal, and both, therefore, received equal prizes. Miss F. Gough's prize consisted of a necklet of fine gold, with rich carbuncle pendants. The gentlemen contended for two prizes,, in addition to the best gold one, one being the usual club prize, and the second a consolation prize, given by Lady Donoughmore to the best score of the day, not having won a prize at any former meeting of the year. A silver goblet (the first club prize) was won by Mr. Charles Wise, who scored 250. Major Mansergh, having made 157, was declared entitled to Lady Donoughmore's prize. Mr. Percy Gough, jun., who was re-elected secretary, obtained the prize for the best gold. The following are the correct scores giving the totals above 100 -Miss Quinn, 246; Miss Power. 220; Miss Grubb, 218; Miss F. Gough, 218; Miss M. Gough, 212; Miss L. Quin, 204; Miss L. Gough. 200; Miss M. Mansergh, 200; Miss A. Perry, 186; Miss E. Mansergh, 167; Miss R. Mandeville, 156; Miss G. Gough, 141; Miss M. Grubb, 132; Mrs. Mansergh, 122; Miss Sankey, 120; Miss Mansergh, 106; Miss Morton, 104; Miss F. Perry, 102. Gentlemen's scores above 100:-Mr. Wise, 250; Major Mansergh, 166; Mr. H. Gough, 114; and Mr. T. Perry, jun., 114. General Gough having been elected president for the next year, and other gentlemen chosen to supply the usual vacan- cies on the committee, the business meeting was dissolved, the candles were lighted, and an adjourn- ment made to the drawing-room, where dancing soon began, supper upon a grand scale being served about midnight. A PEDESTRIAN MATCH BETWEEN TWO OFFICERS. -One morning last week the running match, of 100 yards for X200 aside, made at Brighton during the Sussex week, between Captain Machell, of the 59th Regiment, and Mr. Chadwick, formerly of the 9th Lancers, came off on the Bury-road, Newmarket, in the presence of Lord Cardigan, Lord Stamford, and the Marquis of Hastings, as well as a numerous con- course of spectators. Just before the start 100 to 8 on Captain Machell was accepted. The gallant captain, however, was put back a yard for having made a false start, but when the final start was effected he speedily made up the lost ground, for he went away, and won, according to the decision of Mr. Clark, by six yards. LORD MIDDLETON shot during last week a number of fine fat stags in the Applecross Forest. The weight of one of them has been tested and found to be 20 stone 2 lb., clean, with a fine long-tined and beau- tifully formed Royal head; span 34t inches. A few days ago Lord H. Bentinck shot two stags right and left in the forest of Glenavon, and two on each of the following days. On a previous day he shot three stags at one stalk. All were in good condition, averaging about 15 stone. His lordship has now left for the forest of Loch Errocht, and will finish his deer-stalking for the season by returning to Mar Forest through Glenavon, thus hunting three exten- sive forests in one season. LORD FITZHARDINGE'S hounds have killed upwards of thirty braces of cubs this season; in bygone days the average number of foxes killed during the whole season scarcely amounted to that number. 
THE King of Italy at Chantilly won the first cash he has ever got by racing in France, namely, £ 100. His horses are entered in the name of Carter. THE estate of Banchor, a purely sporting property, on the banks of the Findhorn, belonging to Mr. Mack- intosh, of Holm, has been bought by General Studd for £ 6,950. The upset price was < £ 5,000. MR. WILLIAM SCOTT, gamekeeper to his Grace the Duke of Buccleuch, shot at Tandlaw Moss, last week, a fine specimen of the ger-falcon, which measures forty-nine inches between the tips of the wings, and twenty inches from the point of the beak to the tip of the tail. The ger-falcon is very rarely seen in the lowlands of Scotland; indeed, this specimen is the first we have heard of in the neighbourhood. Mr. Scott informs us that when he brought it down it fell into the loch, and, wounded as it was, darted so furiously at the dog that his canine follower could not bring it out, and he had to wade for it himself. MR. T. LENG and Mr. Brook, both of Flambro', were engaged the other day in shooting rock pigeons at Speeton, when they suddenly saw an immense bird, which they recognised to be an eagle, flying under the cliff. They at once tried, but were unable to get a shot at it. Two days afterwards Leng and his com- panion were again unsuccessful in their endeavours to bag this magnificent bird. But determined, if possible, to obtain the trophy, as day dawned the following day they were again at their post, one on, the other under the cliff, and after several attempts they succeeded in their enterprise. It was a fine specimen of the erne or white-tailed eagle, measuring thirty-nine inches from bill to tail end, and seven feet six inches across the wings. The bird was purchased by Captain Crow, of Speeton, and it is novr being stuffed for him. Leng shot at the same place two years ago an eagle a trifle smaller than this TESTIMONIAL TO RICHARD GREEN.-The Sydney Daily Empire says :-" A numerously attended meeting of the friends and admirers of Richard Green, of boating notoriety, was held last evening in Tattersall's. The chair was occupied by Alderman A. Moore. The hon. secretary announced to the meeting that the handsome amount of X250 had been sub- scribed in twenty-four hours towards the fund. This was a sufficient proof that the confidence reposed in Green by the people of Sydney had not in any manner been lost by his late defeat in the contest for the championship of the world. A resolution was then moved by R. Driver, Esq., M.P., and seconded by Mr. P. Curtis, to the effect-' That the treasurer be directed to transmit a draft for X250 by the mail steamer, to W. G. Moore, Esq., and that this sum be placed to the credit of Richard Green.' The resolution was put to the meeting, and unanimously adopted. The secretary was then instructed to write to Messrs. W. G. Moore and Howell, conveying the thanks of the meeting to them for the kind interest displayed by them towards Green during his stay in London. Also, another letter to Harry Kelley, the trainer of Green, expressive of their thanks, and informing him that it was the in- tention of the meeting to present him with a more sub- stantial token of their appreciation of his services towards Green. A vote of thanks was then given to the chairman, and the meeting separated." WE understand (says the Court Journal) that the noble diversion of hawking, which has lately sunk into great neglect, is likely to be revived by the Grand Falconer of England, the Duke of St. Albahs, and other influential noblemen. We congratulate the noble Duke and them upon this introduction, which will be duly appreciated by the fair sex; for it not only dis- plays their skill and gracefulness on horseback to the greatest advantage, but it is divested of that danger of broken limbs, of which they run so great a risk m following the hounds. In bygone days, a person of rank seldom went abroad without a hawk on his hand, which, in old paintings, is the criterion of nobility. Chaucer describes Sir Thopes as following this knightly sport:- He cou'd hunt at the wild dere, Anct ride oh hawking for the revere, With grey goshawke on hande. And Spenser, in the days of the Virgin Queen, makes it a prominent feature in the education of Sir Tristram:- Ne is there hauke that mantleth on her pearch, Whether high tow'ring, or accoasling low, But the measure of her flight doe search, And all her prey, and all her dyet know. Prophecies on the Cambridgeshire Stakes. The writer to Bell's Life declared that public running pointed most distinctly to Limosina as the winner; but, he said, "we cannot help noticing- that one of the strongest and cleverest parties on the turf are backing Catch 'em Alive for a great stake of money, and there is just the chance that Lord Stamford's mare will on Tuesday next meet a second Lioness; for Catch 'em is backed as freely as the latter was, and the per- formances of the two were equally bad till these weights appeared." "Observer," in the Field, thus concluded his pre- diction Giving every consideration to the respective chances of all the starters, I cannot help thinking that the result of the Cambridgeshire will be in favour of Limosina or Summerside, and next to them I shall expect to find Port Royal, Despair, and Carnival." "Beacon," in the Sporting Gazette, said:-"I be- lieve that Carisbrook, Exchequer, Bathilde, Limosina, Catch 'em Alive, Despair, and Port Royal will form the front division in this great contest, and in selecting two to stand upon outright, they must be Catch 'em Alive and Despair." In the same paper "Rhyming Richard" selected Limosina and Carnival, and, for rank outsiders," went in for Comet and Roman Bee. "Aladdin" stood upon Exchequer and Bathilde. "Birmingham" gave Catch'em Alive. "The Chest- nut Pony" took Exchequer, Jack of Hearts, and Bathilde. "The Twopenny Warbler" thought that u all the favourites must yield to Roman Bee, and that Hubert would be pretty near, and sure to get a place. "Touchstone," in the Era, wound up his analysis as followsJack of Hearts was easily beaten by Limosina in the Csesarewitch, and he ought to be held safe by Lord Stamford's mare; while Roman Bee, Merry Hart, Cairncastle, Baldwin, Turcos, and Bright Cloud do not find friends now, and the probability is that they have been tried and found wanting. Tolurno, Woldga, Comet, Bohemia, and Carisbrook are occa- sionally nibbled at, and Tolurno has little enough to carry if he could only be brought out in the fettle he possessed when in the Woodyeates stable, and as he is speedy he may run into a situation. With Limo- sina, Catch 'em Alive, Port Royal, Despair, and Grand Dame, we take him to be the most formidable of the lot, and, as the money is now-a-days the great criterion to follow in picking out the probable winners of big races, we shall place the first three as under:-Limo- sina (H. Grimshaw), 1; Catch 'em Alive (S. Adams), 2; Port Royal (Crouch), 3." "Augur," in the Sporting Life, said: "In choosing a lot to beat the field, I shall range on my side Caris- brook, Summerside, Limosina, Jack of Hearts, Catch 'em Alive, Roman Bee, Tolurno, and Comet. Sifting this lot down let me record a final vote in favour of Limosina and Summerside, next to whom we may see Carisbrook and Comet." Vaticinator," in the Sunday Times, gave Ex- chequer 1, Limosina 2, and Summerside 3. Harkaway," in the Standard, stood wholly on Limosina. "Hotspur," in the Telegraph, selected Catch 'em Alive or Limosina to win. The race caused great excitement amongst those connected with the turf all manner of rumours had been circulated about the second favourite, who in slang term was called Scratch 'em Alive," and when the telegram announced that Mr. William Day's Catch 'em Alive," six years, 7st., was first, and Lord Westmoreland's Merry Hart," three years, 5st. 121b., second, the public all exclaimed, "Who'd have thought it! 
THE dogs of Great Britain are an increasing race, ] says a contemporary. The £ 39 12s. annual tax was paid upon 81 packs of hounds (of 66 or more) in the financial year 1859-60, and upon 84 packs in 1861-62. i The packs of greyhounds (of 15 or more) were 29 in the former year and 33 in the latter; the duty is £9. For dogs of any other description the tax is 12s. a ] year, and it was assessed on 324,754 in 1859-60, and on *336,862 in 1861-62. The returns do not carry these details down to a later year as yet, but the produce of the dog-tax increased in the year 1862-63, and again in the year 1863-64. MR. ALDERMAN ROSE has addressed the following letter concerning his fishing on the Tay to the Field newspaper:-" In your last number, in the report from the Tay, your correspondent says The Lord Mayor of London also honoured the river by. a few casts of his line, not without success. He took one salmon and one grilse.' I presume your correspondent alludes to myself, being the late lord mayor of London, ad my friend, the present lora mayor, has not visited Scot- land this year. Allow me, also, to correct your report in other respects. I left London on the 16th of August to visit my friends at Meikleour House, on the Tay; and so far from a few casts, I fished daily without success, owing to the water being so low, until the 2nd of September, when I was compelled to return to London. But as the river rose ten feet the day I left, I arranged that my friends should telegraph to me when the water would suit, there feeing- only a few days before the closing of the rod-fishing. I received my telegram, went down, and my take with rod and line was two salmon 211b. each, two 181b. each, one 171b., besides smaller salmon and grilse, all clean fresh-rrua fish; amply repaying me for 1,000 miles travelling for really two day' salmon-fishing. fl MR. BROUGHAM, of Isleworth, says that the reports of the assistant river-keepers of the Thames Angling Preservation Society for the week ending-October 12 do not embrace any particular feature of' interest as regards angling. At Staines, Fletcher says, "The I only fishing we Ca¡rl g,et is gudgeon and a few perch, but.ther&are plenty of fish to be seen." Harris, in his report from Laleham, observes "A gentleman on Friday last took .eighteen -perch and another gentle- man, angling for the week, took in that time sixty- eight perch and six jack, but I never saw the river in a, averse state in ,my life. Both these keepers describe the water as being very low and bright, from the scarcity of rain; and this is the case in every part of the river. At Halliford there has been some very fine perch taken. Roaewell sent me over a brace as a specimen; one weighed in the scales over 21b., and the other l £ lb.; they were in excellent condition, and, when cooked, were very good. A punt was sunk on the 6th inst. in Walton Deep, at tho, request of some of the subscribers to the society. Cowdery states, "Thanshermenare taking a fow perch and gudgeon at Hampton." At Moulsey, Smith says, A few Jack have been taken during the week; the easterly wind has prevented us from trying any -other fishing." In his report from Kingston, Johnson remarks," I have found the dace fishing at Teddington bad; I have been gudgeon fishing at Kingston two. half-days and one whole one, the takes being seven, nine, and twelve dozen, with a few perch each time the water is lower and finer than ever I knew it at this time of the year." Emcker says of Teddington, "There has been very little fishing this week, but some good roach have been taken." At Richmond, Howard states there has been no good sport, owing to the strong easterly winds, and the low and clear state of the water. The pro- prietor, of a chemical works at Brentford was brought before the Brentford bench on Saturday last, charged by the Board of Thames Conservancy for turning some refuse of a poisonous nature into the river, and was fined .£5. There can be no doubt, if the offence is continued, an "injunction" will follow the fine. 
MR. R. RIDDELL, of North Devon. has received the appointment of Master of the Hounds of his Majesty the Emperor of the French. Of course, his Majesty is coming over at once, or contemplates that he may possibly at a future occasion come over to hunt. A GOOD deal has been said about the generous mag- nificence of the Count de Lagrange for giving £ 50 to ijoneaster charities on winning the St. Leger. When Mr. feavue s hsrse won the Grand Piix de Paris, that gentleman gave 10,000fr. to the poor of Paris: and when Mr. Najuor won the Derby, he gave < £ 1,000 to the poor of Liverpool. ,4 weess since the result of a cricket match which had been played at Finchdean between twenty- two females-married and single-was given in the I local papers. The return match was played last week, and it seems that the spirit of these crinolined cricketers is likely to be kept up; it is the intention, we understand, of the Finchdeaners to challenge an adjoining village. In the return mutch alluded to the maidens beat the matrons by forty-two runs. The following are the totals-Single, 39-24; married, 14-7. LORD RAVENSWORTH went out deer-stalking in Turleum, Perthshire, on Monday, for a short time, and killed one of the largest stags that has been taken out of that forest, weighing 2521bs. On Thurs- day Mr. Maitland and party shot over the Auchna- free runs, and killed 50 brace hares, 12 brace grouse, 3 brace ptarmigan, and 2 brace plovers. The rod- fishing in the lower part of the Spey has fallen off very much during the last fortnight. Mr. Gilmour and Col. Leslie had only four salmon and five grilse in eight days' fishing on the Rothes water. At Gordon Castle the fishing has not been very produc- tive to the angler. On the 13th Lord F. Lennox had a salmon of 201b., and a sea trout; on the 14th, a salmon, 171b., a grilse of 61b., and 3 finnocks.-Scots- man. MR. HORATIO Ross defends the Scotch landlords for converting their sheep runs into deer forests-He says: A deer forest, when fully stocked, will produce quite as great a weight of venison as it would of mut- ton. This venison is not wasted or thrown away-it is either sold, given away, or consumed by the establish- ment of the proprietor or tenant of the deer forest; and as people can only eat a certain quantity of animal food, it supplies the place of beef and mutton to the amount of its own weight. Where one shep- herd sufficed to attend to the sheep, fully three men are required in a deer forest. In addition, gillies for the season are employed, ponies engaged, and a great deal of money spent amongst the poor-not one farthing of which would ever have reached their pockets if their lands had been pastured by sheep. Besides, in almost all deer forests it is the habit to give away amongst the poor a good deal of venison. With regard to the weight of food in the shape of venison which may be got from a deer forest, I may mention that thirteen years ago I cleared the farms of Glendibidale and Corrie Valigan of sheep and converted the hills into a deer forest. There were 1,100 sheep on the ground when I took a lease of the grazings. Not being a practical sheep farmer, I do not like to make a positive statement as to the weight of mutton which this stock (it was a ewe stock) might be ex- pected on an average of years to supply to the public. I, however, doubt if it would have exceeded the weight of venison which the forest produced last season. We killed seventy stags-these deer averaged exactly 13 stone 21bs. each, or 920 stone of wholesome animal food. We left the forest in the middle of October. If we had remained until the 1st of December, we might have killed, in addition to the stags, fully thirty hinds, whose average weight would have been at least 7 stone 71bs. each, or 225 stone of venison. Of the seventy stags killed, I gave to my friends and distributed amongst the poor in the neighbourhood (by far the largest share went to the poor) fifty-five stags-equal to 722 stone3 of animal food; or, taking the weight of a blackfaced sheep at 561bs., equal to 180 sheep." "BELL'S LiFE," in commenting upon the pugilistic ring and the fight for the championship between Wormald and Bob Travers, says:-We regret to state that, after all, this match, which had been looked forward to with so much interest, has ended in a forfeit on the part of the youthful champion. There have been rumours for some weeks that there would be no fight, but the money was put down with such regularity that we were in hopes our suspicions were unfounded. On Friday, however, the murder was out, and it beeame clear to us that Joe's chance of fighting at present had long been a forlorn one. On that day Wormald called on us with the following certificate" St. Bartholomew's Hospital, September 23, 1865. - I do hereby certify that Joseph Wormald is under my care at St. Bartholo- mew's Hospital, as an out-patient, suffering with periostitis of the right humerus, consequent on an injury.-JOHN ASTLEY BLOXAM, house surgeon." He showed us his right arm, which is perfectly stiff at the elbow, and utterly useless and also exhibited a wound made for the purpose of injecting morphia twice a day, in order to deaden the pain; and he assured us that for several weeks he has been under this treatment, and has been compelled to lie up, suffering the greatest agony. He had hoped by care and rest to get round in time to do justice to his backers; but now, finding that there was no chance of his getting the use of his arm for months, he thought it his duty to delay no longer, but to come at once to us to prevent the match from going on, and his friends from being deceived. The poor fellow, who is reduced almost to a skeleton, seemed deeply mortified at the state of things, and expressed his regret that he had not come forward sooner to make known the real state of affairs; he did not, however, despair of yet having another tussle for the belt he so much coveted, and which, of course, now reverts to our hands; and he requested us to state that whoever may be fortunate enough to secure it during his retirement must leok forward to a challenge from him so soon as his state will justify it. On questioning Joe as to the cause of the in- jury, we ascertained that some weeks since he was performing with the dumb-bells at Bob Travers's, after making one of his deposits, when he contrived to strain his arm and to lacerate the membrane surrounding the bone; and inflammation coming on upon this had brought his arm to its present state. Jem Mace pockets the forfeits of X120 without a struggle. It is unfortunate for Jem that the affair has terminated in this way, as it has deprived him not only of all chance of once more wearing the Champion's Belt, but also of the possible eclat which a victory over Wormald would have shed over his intended visit to America. 
THE MOORS.-As might be expected after the wet and stormy weather we have had, the birds were gene- rally very wild. In Glenfidoch, belonging to the Dilks of Richmond, splendid bags have been made. His Grace and party bagged 130 brace on the first day; Lord Algernon Gordon Lennox and Lord Bingham had 65 brace; Lord Francis Gordon Lennox, 72 brace; and Prince Edward of Saxe-Weimar and Col. Tyrwhitt, 103J brace. On the moors of Aberlour House, 10 brace grouse were bagged before nine o'clock in the morn- ing. On the Arndilly moors 10 brace grouse were also bagged at an early hour. On the Kirdel moors, Mr. James Grant, jun., Elgin, had 40 brace grouse. On the Gartly Hills, Mr. Hoare and party from Huntly- lodge with six guns, had 49 brace grouse, six hares and a snipe. Several sportsmen have been out in the forests. On Saturday last, the Earl of Seafield and Lord Reidhaven went out deerstalking in Castle Grant forest, when Lord Seafield brought down a fine stag with a. noble head of eleven points; and Lord Reid- haven shot two stags, one with a good head of nine points-all in excellent condition. In Braemar the weather has been bad during the greater part of the week. On the 6th, however, the Hon. George Skene Duff stalked in Altanour forest, and brought down four good stags, which averaged from 13 to 15 stone. In Gleaavon forest, Lord Henry Bentinek has also had capital sport. He was out on Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, and on these four days brought down six stags, all of them good, and some of them of heavy weight. IN Cumberland the grouse shooting season has opened with very satisfactory results. The birds have not been so numerous for so many years, nor yet so healthy. The mild weather at the end of last week had made them wild and difficult to got at, but the first two days' sport have been enjoyed under very favourable circumstances. Sir Frederick Graham and party, of Netherby, knocked down 70 brace oa the first day and 60 on the second. At Alston and New. castleton some good work has been made. In West. moreland, though the reports concerning the abund- ance of game are not so favourable, good sport has been enjoyed. Mr. R. C. Musgrave, of Edenhall, killed 61 brace on Monday on Bowes Moor. Another gentleman brought down 50 brace in the same neigh- bourhood. On Rodderup Fell, Mr. Richardson, of Penrith, killed 36 brace on the same day. A YACHT has arrived from America at Lowes winca has aBtonishdd the y achtera and the oldest inhabi- tants. She is called Silvie, of twenty-eight tons, from Boston, and very comically rigged, bat upon a principle evidently which is practical in the main; besides her skipper she keeps her own poet-Mr. Longfellow, of New York, and her own diplomatist, Mr. Stanfield. She also keeps her own Chinese, who is a steward, and we should fancy famous at aut fri- casse or curry poodle. She left America on the 12th J Illy Iottnd arrived on the 7th August, having threaded the Needles by passing through without pilot, and the voyage appears to have been very favourable. Small as she is, she has plenty of accommodation, and our yachtsmen may, if not so old and hoary that they are covered with those things already, get a wrinkle out of the American smart thing. The gentlemen are very courteous, and thorough yachtsmen, knowing all about Cowes and having one on board with their other stores. We hope she may win a lot of prizaa, and is right welcome. For fear of any one going on board taking a step too much, and going overboard, we may say that she is fifty-four feet long, and breadth of beam seventeen feet six inches, draught six feet eight inches, and she can spread as much canvas as any young lady at Cowes at the present moment- that is, 1,500 yards. Her mainmast is fifty feet high and mainboom sixty-three feet-which is, perhaps, considered the latitude of most of the aforesaid gentle sex. AT a fishmonger's in Cheapsida, in addition to the Tay salmon, weighing 52lbs., there has been exhibited a giant sturgeon, of 4001bs. weight, and over 10 feet long. It was caught off Ramsgate. LAST week a very large cargo of grouse, in cases, arrived from Scotland for sale in the London markets. They were in rather high condition, from the close packing. The birds vary much in size; many boxes contained grouse scarcely half grown, and others matured to full size. The small grouse were sold at 3s. to 4s. per brace, and the large birds at 5s. 6d. to 6a. 6d. per brace. THE herring fishing at Dnnbar, says the Edinburgh Cowrant, has been prosecuted this week with consider- ably greater success, and, as a whole, the prospects are brightening up. As usual, a number of the boats went off to the ground oa Sunday evening, and on Monday morning they returned with very good takes. The highest catch was reported at 20 orans, and a number of the others had from fifteen orans down- wards, almost all having considerable quantities. The prices ranged from 443. 6d. to 38s. per cran. On Mon- day evening all the boats went out, and on Tuesday morning there was a fair general fishing. There were no heavy shots, but the takes ranged from 20 crans, and the prices averaged 35s. per cran. There were, however, a few spent fish among several of the shots, although, as a whole, the fish were of excellent quality. Saturday morning was one of the best fished this season. On the previous evening the most of the boats went to the westward, and shot their nets in the bay between tha harbour and the Bass. On their return a number of them had upwards of 20 crans, and others 14, 15, 10, eight, and nine, down to foar and five. Saturday's success has put a little more spirit into all parties. The catch th&t daywasEold at from 30s. to 36s. per cran, the average price being about 34a. A considerable addition has been made to the number of boats this week, and on Saturday night there were upwards of 200 IJing in the harbour and preparing to go off. 
VISCOUNT FALMOUTH has accepted the Stewardship of Doncaster September Meeting, in the place of the Earl of Annesley, who-retires by rotation. AN otter was discovered under a bridge near Per- ranwharf, Cornwall, one day last week, and a hunt immediately commenced. The otter being driven to land was seized by the tail by one of the lads and killed. It was a bitch, and weighed nearly 141b. THE fashionable game of croquet, which has been so generally adopted throughout tHe country, and which has been looked upon as quite a novel amusement, now appears to be nothing more than the revived, though modernised, game of mall," introduced to England in the reign of James 1. THE Satherlandshire challenge silver bugle, given by her Grace the Duchess of Sutherland, the Countess of Cromarty, and the ladies of the county, haying beex won three years in succession at the annual com- petitions at Dunrobin by the Dornooh Company, now becomes their solo property. IN speaking of the points of a St. Bernard dog, a correspondent of the Field says :-"About eleven years ago I was at the Hospice. The monks had three dogs not for sale.' They told me I could obtain a pure-bred whelp at a village near. I did so for about 50f. Wherever I went the people recog- nised it, and actually fed and cared for it, frequeutly for nothing. The colour of those of the Hospice and of that I brought to England was deep orange, white legs, chest, and belly (flecked with both red and white on legs and nose), deep set eyes, small ears well set down, black from the eyes half way to the nose, then white' flecked, and white streak on the forehead ex- tending to the white collar round the neck. This white streak is considered a great mark of purity, and the monks pointed it out to me as agreeing with a white braid they wear down bacic of their dross. Old Barry was brindled, and I saw a dog of that colour, which I should say was pure and very fine, at a late dog-show. I think he got the first prize." A MOST happy-looking couple, well known at dif- ferent race meetings, and having for their home abode one of the prettiest places in Norfolk, have attained a certain notoriety and much favour with the great by their peculiar breed of Skye terriers. One of these was presented to the Princess of Wales soon after her marriage, and although her Royal Highness intimated her disinclination to accept presents, still she could not resist the charms of the rare little animal whom she condescended to accept, and in compliment to his black muzzle she named him Mufti. Mufti's own brother, with another intensely black muzzle and the whitest of teeth, they presented to the Countess of Stamford, whom, in honour of his near and illustrious relative, she named Prince. A DEPUTATION from the Thames Angling Preserva- tion Society, consisting of Messrs. S. Ponder, Frank Buckland, R. M. Smyth, J. R. Berry, and J. B. Smith, had an interview on Monday last, by appointment, with the Conservators of the River Thames, for the purpose of making application for the erection of fish ladders at the weirs of Teddington and Moulsey Locks. The deputation were very cordially received, and upon the object being explained and illustrated by Mr. Frank Buckland, instructions were forthwith given by 'I the TIoard of Conservators to their engineers to fit two ladders to each of the weirs, on the principle ex- plained by the deputation. BILLIARDS IN AUSTRALIA.-The Melbourne Argus says:-Since his arrival by the Great Britain, Mr. John Roberts, the champion billiard player of England, has been engaged in a series of interesting matches in Melbourne and Ballarat. The first game in wbiih Mr. Roberts was engaged was with Mr. John Lamb, who has long been regarded as the best player in the colony. The game was 1,000 up, and Mr. Lamb re- ceived 350 points. The result was an easy victory for Mr. Roberts, but the game was an unusually long one, play commencing at eight o'clock, and finishing at midnight. When the last stroke was made, Roberts's score stood 1,000 against Lamb's 743, the latter having thus made 393 in addition to the points given him. In the next match, Mr. Lamb was again the opponent of the champion, receiving on this occasion 400 points out of 1,000. Fortune once more declared in favour of the champion, and Lamb was beaten when he had scored 409 more than his allowance, the game finishing Roberts 1,000, and Lamb 809. In the third match, Mr. Roberts was opposed by Mr. Bergin, the lessee of the billiard-rooms at the Albian, and a very good player. The champion gave 500 out of 1,000, and even with that odds to start with his victory was an easy one. Bergin had only added 347 to his points when the champion scored the game. The fourth match was played with Mr. Norcliffe, who has accompanied Mr. Roberts from England as agent, and again the champion gave his opponent 500 points to start with. But victory declared for Mr. Roberts: and at the close the game stood-the champion 1,001, and Norcliffe 738. The next match was with a "gentleman amateur," who, like Norcliffe and Bergin, received 500 points out of 1,000. The amateur, however, although a fine player, was as easily disposed ef as the others, and when the game finished Roberts had made 1,002 against his opponent's 797. In this match Mr. Roberts made the largest break which he has as yet obtained in the colony, namely 186,174 of which were secured by his famous spot stroke," the red ball having been pocketed 58 times in succession. The next match was played with Mr. Lamb, who received 450 points out of 1,000; bat again the champion was victorious, the score at the close being- Roberts 1;000, and Lamb 744. In the next match Norcliffe opposed the champion, and received 250 points out of 500. The result was in favour of Mr. Roberts by 37 points, the score being-Roberts 500, and Norcliffe 463. A match at pyramids between Roberts and Nor- cliffe followed, in which the champion was victorious. The next match was with Mr. Norcliffe, who received 600 out of 1,000. This was a very interesting game, Norcliffe having raised his score to 999 before the champion succeeded in scoring the game. Mr. Roberts then played a Mr. Cox, whom he defeated easily, al- though 600 points out of 1,000 were given. The score at the end stood-Roberts 1,000, and Cox 837. Again the champion played his agent, and won easily, although giving 600 points; but on the next occasion on which he played, fortune, for the first time, de- clared against him. This match was with his old opponent, Mr. Lamb, who, with 500 points in his favour to start with, contrived to win the game. The result, however, must be regarded as simply an acci- dent, since there is no reason to doubt that the cham- pion is able to give even so good a player as Lamb still greater Of1ds. The game at the close was-Roberts 622, and Lamb 996. In his first match at Ballarat Roberts was again defeated; a local player - Mr. Wright-having, with 500 points given, been able to secure the victory. At the close the game stood- Roberts 876, and Wright 1,000. The champion after- wards played his agent, OR terms similar to those in the games in Melbourne, and won his matches with ease. In a second match with Mr. Wright, who again received 500 points, the champion took his revenge, and achieved a comparatively easy victory.
RETIREMENT OF THE EARL OF STAMFORD FROM: THE TUBE.-A notica was affixed by Messrs. Tatter- sall in the rooms in the Houghton week, to the effect that the sale of a draft from Lord Stamford s stud, previously advertised, would not come off, but was postponed until the sale of the whole of his lordship's racino- establishment, which would take place shortly. Although this determination of Lord Stamford, says a sporting contemporary, has not been altogether un- expected, yet still the blow has come somewhat sud- denly. For this stsp there are doubtless ample reasons, into which we have m business or desire to inquire. We have only to record our sorrow at the event. We have called it a blow, and if the expression is thought too strong a one by some, we appeal to all true lovers of the national sport of England to confirm the term. The retirement of such a man as Lord Stamford (we much fear in disappointment and disgust) will do much to check the ardour of the young men of the present day, who are embarking with all the buoyant hope of youth in the pursuit he is about to abandon. We cannot speak in too strong terms of those who by word or deed have in any way contributed to bring about this result. Lord Stamford has been subjected lately to almost unceasing attacks from a portion of the press which has called forth indignant remonstrance from more than one quarter. Utterly stupid, as well as spiteful, they have ascribed conduct and motives to Lord Stamford the very absurdity of which carries their refutation. We cannot flatter these writers by asserting that they have driven the noble lord from the turf, but we can, perhaps, gratify them by the assurance that-like the small annoyances of human life, these little miseries, trivial in themselves, but which, with the concurrence of greater evils, help to brim over the cup of our vexation-they have been able to deprive the national sport of one of its most munificent patrons, and in- flicted a heavy discouragement on the cause they profess to uphold. EXTRAORDINARY RUN WITH A THREE-LEGGED Fox.-In the Pau (South of France) country a fox was run to ground for the first time on the 13th ult.; she was dug out and brought to the kennel of the mixed pack." Her left hind-leg was but a short stump, completely healed and covered with hair. En- larged on the 19th at the warmest hour of a very sultry day before a small party, as it was not expected that she could show much sport, one slow, musical French hound being firstlaid on to keep her moving, the pack was, after the lapse of ten minutes, brought up. She made at once for her native hills, where, after a long hunting run of two hours, over a trying line of country, she again got to ground in her old parish of Assat. As soon as the earthstopper and his attendant terriers came up operations for unearthing her were at once commenced, which proved. successful after a little over two hours' labour. Shaken out again on the Morlaas road, she at once set her head in the same direction, crossed the Sarbes road, ran again through Idron, swam the Ousse, climbed the steep hill at Bizanos, selecting, as if in sport, the very severest country, swam the Laroin, crossed the plain, plunged into the Gave and got to ground in a rock at Narcastet, after a severe run of two hours in a broiling sun. This rapid mountain stream, the Gave de Pau," has been faced but four times by a fox since fox- hunting was first introduced here, and always by bag- men. It is scarcely possible that this extraordinary vixen knew this earth or the opposite shore of such a stream if not, it was a lucky chance that led her to it, for a peasant informed the only two up with the hounds that she was but a few yards ahead. Over the plain the pace had been first-rate. The rest of the run, though not fast, had not been marked by a single long check. The line was a very severe one, and the fox, as I said before, had done all she could to live herself. Altogether it was a grand run, and will in all probability be the run of the season. No rain had fallen for over a fortnight, the roads are covered with dust, the ground is as hard as a rock, the heat in the sun as great as that in old England in summer, and altogether the weather is as unpropitious for hunting as can well be conceived; yet, owing principally to the "nose" of the French hounds, associated with the English and half-bred ones in this little pack, we have had in the space of one week, despite the drought and heat, two grand runs, and both with a three-legged fox. LUFFL IVLAUIILIN JN X JLL) IS W-UJXI GJ-CUJU L"ÖLUU, OOIJFO ai sporting contemporary, that we have to announce the death of the celebrated Thomas Mackinney, the well- known waterman, of Richmond, whose performances in the rowing world are as well known as household words. Mackinney was born at Ham (near Richmond) on April 30,1831. He has won Morris's coat and badge, as well as rowing Messenger, Tom Coombes, Bob Coombes, Doubledee, &c., and has been in great re- quest as an oarsman at all the great races at the Thames National Regatta. He has been characterised throughout his career by his good conduct and equal temper both in public and private. THE latest horsey jewellery novelty is the insertion of the photographed head and neck of a favourite horse in the new crystal intaglio, to be worn as a breast-pin on sporting days. As the head and neck are all that are necessary at the "post of honour to put a fortune into a pocket, the souvenir of the favourite horse is complete in a neck and head. THE CAMBRIDGESHIRE DISPUTE.-In reference to the disputed race for the Cambridgeshire, the Calen- dar has published the following: When the jockeys returned to weigh after the race, the clerk of the scales found that the rider of Catch'em Alive did not draw the proper weight. He was first weighed without a whip, and a whip was afterwards given to him, which was stated to be the one he rode with; this barely made him the weight, and the owner of the second horse objected to the jockey being weighed with anything given to him after he got into the scales. The clerk of the scales requested the stewards to come into the weighing-room, and they decided that a jockey, not having brought his whip with him into the scale. couM not afterwards weigh with it, and it plainly appeared that the jockey did not draw his proper weight. The rider of Merrv Hart had been previously weighed and passed by the clerk of the scales, and the stewards were on the point of giving the race in his favour, when the rider of Summerside was weighed, and he also was found short of weight. On this, the stewards directed the scales to be examined, when it was found that they were not correct, and that some lead had been fastened on the bottom of the weight scale. When this was removed and the scales ad- justed, the stewards felt satisfied that the rider of Catch'em Alive would have drawn his proper weight if the scales had been adjusted before he was weighed, and the clerk of the course, on being questioned, having assured them that he had no doubt on the subject, the stewards declared that Catch'em Alive was the winner of the race." THE accident which the Duke Augustus of Coburg met with when deer-hunting the other day has proved somewhat serious, as he was confined to his bed a whole week in consequence, though now he is so far recovered that he is able to travel from Ebenthal to Vienna. The accident occurred through the Duke's horse stumbling. Just as they were running at rapid pace to be in at the death, the horse fell, and with his hind leg inflicted a deep wound in the side of his rider. One of the duke's followers, who happened to be close behind him, was also thrown in consequence of the sudden impediment in his path, but was not injured. A peasant conveyed the news of the accident to the duchess, and so great was the shock she received that she fainted away, but the moment she recovered she desired to be conveyed to the spot where her husband was. However, before reaching the place where the accident occurred, they met the Duke in a carriage that had been procured for his use; and, as the doctor of the household happened to be present at the hunt, he was on the spot in a moment to dress the wound and render all the assistance necessary. 
THE foot race between Captain Machell and -Mr. Jackson is off by consent. A ONE mile race took place on Wimbledon-common last week between two grooms, for £ 5 a side, the one to run on foot and the other to ride a ^ors course was a quarter of a mile of road, and although the horse was the swifter of the two, it was unable to turn so rapidly as its opponent, who won by 14 yards. A FIGHT between a terrier dog and an opossum, which had escaped from Mander's menagerie, took place recently in Friar-lane, Nottingham. The dog was the property of a policeman, and was accom- panying Inspector Soywell on his rounds, when it bolted off in pursuit of what seemed to be a cat. A fierce struggle ensued between the animals, resulting in their being parted the opossum being taken to the police-station. Its hide bore marks of the struggle, police-station. Its hide bore marks of the struggle, whilst the terrier was unhurt. i. A FOOTBALL match (Civil Service v. Charter-house) was played on the latter school-ground the other day, and terminated in favour of the Civil Service, who won the only goal of the day, which was cleverly kicked by Mr. Kirkpatriek. The following were the elevens: Civil Service-Messrs. Buller, Kirkpatrick, Lawson, Malkin, Pattison, Peake, Piggott, Phillips, Voules, Waudby, Wawn. Charter-house-Messrs. F. O'Grady. M. Mackenzie, L. Ogden, H.' Camerson, G. Smythe, G. Davies, A. Seymour, E. Gibson, G. Scott, J. Bvng, O. Walford. t TURF NOTICES.-Exeter-houso, Newmarket, lias been purchased by a rich banker of Diss, in Norfolk and will be occupied by himself and lady during the meetings.-Lord Naas has possessed himself of the pick of Lord Yarborough's late sale of horses. No doubt the Kildare hunt will have the pleasure ot seeing his lordship's choice. arke, of th,3 -o i TIGER SHOOTING.-Lieutenant Clarke, of the Eoyal Artillery, stationed at Deesa, on the 23rd of Augus fired at a tigress, and believing that he had wounded the beast, he followed it up at a fast pace through a lofty jungle, almost alone, his shikarees keepingbehmd when suddenly the brute sprang from behind a patch of jungle taller than the rest, and with a roar sprang on Lieutenant Clarke, receiving the contents of his rifle in her chest, but which did not prevent her seizing his lit arm, .boW th. elbow; fa her ja»S tboboM, and inflictmgaterrible wound.HotBtongth, ■r „ armears to have failed, as she let mm go l:r»e feTSea and went■ ?«. wounded, into the jungle. Lieutenant Clarke was conveyed to his quarters, where his arm was ampu- I ALDCROFT, the jockey, has declined Joe Dawson s offer, and har- engaged himself to the French Con- federacy. A. Edwards leaves them at the end of the year, and returns to the Earl of Stamford. GENERAL PEEL and Ackworth are matched, for .£1,000 a side, to run at the Houghton Meeting next year; the Cambridgeshire winner to receive 101b. FRENCH sportsmen, always eager for novelties, are I organising a race meeting to take place at Mans next May, at which there is to be a day's racing exclusively devoted to gentlemen riders. Forty-five subscriptions bave already been received. IT affords us no little pleasure, says the 8porting a-firoHp to be in a position to state, and we are sure the announcement will be received with <equalgratifi- cation by every one connected with the turf, that the Duke of Beaufort will, in all likelihood consent to resume office as steward of the Jockey Club, at the expiration of Mr. Alexander's term in the Craven Meeting. Several reforms are in contemplation a "head-quarters and amongst the probable change, will be one in connection with the Nursery, which, it is proposed, shall be one grand handicap, instead of being divided into classes," to be run on the Rowley Mile instead of the Ditch Mile. 
AN ornithological rarity has lately been shot by gamekeeper in the environs of the small town of Miihlhausen, on the Necker, namely, a black stork of considerable size. Its wings measured 63, feet. The bird is found in Africa. THE Scotch alarmists assure us that hares and rabbits are likely to have a hare and rabbit pest for themselves, similar to the rinderpest; they are as- sembling in large numbers and going about in herds. That little arrangement, if it is necessary for sanitary purposes to hinder it, might be put a stop to by enterprising sportsmen if there are any left in Snot- land. THE Duke of Richmond and party have had good sport at deer-stalking in Glenfiddich during the past week. The Duke of Richmond, Lord Algernon Gordon Lennox, and Lady Florence Gordon Lennox arrived at Glenfiadioh on the evening of Monday week. On Tuesday his Grace went to Blackwater deer-stalking, and laid over a very fine stag with ten points. On the next day Lord Algernon Gordon Lennox, in Glenfiddich, brought down two stags, right and loft, a feat which is rare, and not by any means easy. On Saturday the party all left for Gordon Castle, and on Monday his Grace returned, accom- panied by Lord and Lady Alexander Lennox, Colonel Peel, and Captain Duncombe. Colonel Peel and Captain Duncombe went deer-stalking, and killed three stags. On Tuesday the Duke of Richmond and Captain Duncombe killed two very fine stags. Lady Florence Gordon Lennox has been occasionally enjoying trout-fishing in the Fiddich. In other parts of Scot- land the sport of deer-stalking has been very good. Many English noblemen and gentlemen left the Highlands in September for cover shooting in England. THE managing director of the Crystal Palace seems determined to lose no opportunity of making it a thoroughly popular place of amusement, and, although exception may be taken to some of the attractions put forth, on the score of good taste, it must be conceded that he does his work with energy and success. Among the latest of the novelties which from time to time draw thousands to Sydenham-hill are pyro- technic displays, always popular with the majority of sight-seers. It is proverbially easy to be wise after the event, and, therefore, we take no credit to our- selves for sometimes wondering why these firework exhibitions were not thought of earlier. The locale and its surroundings seem to suggest the idea of them- selves. The noble glass palace, which reflects and multiplies every spark, looking, in the many-coloured ight, more of afairy structure than ever; the fountains, which, when illuminated, form so charming an adjunct to the exhibition; and tlielong-stretching terraces, which give a comfortable view to' any number of visitors, all combine to make such displays perfectly unique. That of Wednesday last, which attracted some twenty thou. sand spectators, was under the management of Mr. W. Brock, the gentleman who originated the firework competition, which took place on the same snot a short; time ago, and who took the second prize on the occasion. The programme was most successfully car- ried out, and conferred the highest possible gratifica- tion present. The set piece, which gained for Mr. Brock the prize just referred to, was a triumph of the art, and was loudly. applauded.* The display closed with an illumination of the fountains, during which the scene was of the most enchanting description, forming a most appropriate finale to an entertainment unequalled of its kind. The palace was lighted up to enable the visitors to leave at leisure. Really it waS an inducement for them to stay, for the picture pre- sented by the long lines of light stretching from end to end of the building was worth travelling a hundred miles to see. THAT fine old sportsman Mr. Phillips, of Bushbury- park, is determined to keep by him some of the old blood of Sir Hercules. Two noble animals, Gunboat and Lifeboat, the only surviving sons of this celebrated horse, will stand at Bushbury Paddocks next season. The former is the sire of Arkansas, Flying Jib, Long- boat, and Monitor, the best two-year-old performer in Ireland. Lifeboat has not been long at the stud; the first of his get are Life Guardsman and Steamboat, horses which have by no means disgraced the good old blood of Sir Hercules. Several of Baron Rothschild's mares, we are informed, are to visit these paddocks next year. The care that Mr. Phillips bestows upon all animals entrusted to his charge is well-known and appreciated, and recently several addi- tional loose boxes have been fitted up, as the de- mand for accommodation at these paddocks is greater then ever for although the produce of Mr. Phillip's hors 33 has been so very successful, he has not raised his prices either for covering or for keep. This farm is eminently fitted for breeding purposes: there are a number of small paddocks most conveniently arranged for mares and colts, where the herbage is of the finest character, white clover covering the surface. Bushbury Paddocks are only about three miles from Wclverhampton. 
The west wind sighs across the heath, The dawn is looming grey; My forehead feels the early breath Of slow-awakening day. Old Blanche and Nell bound on before, And ranging across the beat; Then back again, and then once more Their upwind course repeat. And see! old Blanche has something there! Just round that rock a whiff Of grousy odour tinged the air, And stopped her stark and stiff. Toho good girl!"-Nell's wistful eye (For many a yard behind She crouched stock still in sympathy) Inquires her master's mind. A gentle word, and on we creep, Whilst, past the nestling rock, Small stealthy heads begin to peep, Scared by the clicking look. A wild proud crow !-the pack has flown- Sharp rings the double sound, The two old birds come fluttering down, And bump upon the ground. Then lightly o'er the moor we tread, And few tHe gcomse we spare; And here and there a snipe falls dea.d, And here and there a hare. A noonday pipe, a mountain spring, The morning's strength renew, The doubled bag at eve we bring- Just forty brace and two. And so to rest with thankful hearts That life, that air are sweet; In hope the joy to-day imparts To-morrow will repeat. THE salmon fisheries of Cumberland, says a Times correspondent, have been more productive this year than for a very long time. Very heavy draughts have been often taken in the poke-nets on the shores of the Solway Frith, the owners of the nets having fre- quently been obliged to take down earts for their spoil. Further proof of the beneficial working of the Salmon Fisheries Act is manifested by the fact that some very large fish have been captured. A few weeks ago a salmon 401b. weight was exhibited for sale in Car- lisle market-a very unusual size in that district-and on Saturday last a salmon was on sale 421b. weight which had been caught at Browhouses. This royal fish was sold at Is. per lb. Daring most of the summer season salmon and salmon trout have been selling at prices as low as those charged for butcher's meat. THE shooting season opened in Selkirk under the most favourable circumstances, the weather being all that could be wished, and the grouse, as anticipated, unusually numerous, and exceedingly healthy and strong. On the extensive shootings of the Duke of Buccleuoh in Ettrick and Yarrow the birds have as yet been but little disturbed, the only return yet made being from the home moor," on which the Earl of Dalkeith brought down 16 brace and a hare in a few hours on Monday. Partridges are very abundant, and give good promise of Well-filled bags. THE Marquis of Lorn and his brother Lord Archi- bald, were out on the Roseneath moor on Thursday and Friday, and killed 62t brace of grouse, 18 hares, and one snipe. The youthful Marquis left Roseneath Castle on Saturday on a visit to Erskine-house, the residence of Lord Blantyre, on the Clyde. The birds are very strong and wild. ON Saturday morning the fourth, and, as the result proved, the final competition for the Silver Challenge Cup given by Mr. John Latey, the honorary secretary of the London Swimming.Club, for amateur members only, took place in the Serpentine over the usual course-from the grating end to Kensington-bridge, about 1,000 yards. The cup was to be won three times successively, and then become the property of the victor. The first contest took place at the Wen. look Bath, Citv-road, when C. Powell won. The second essay was in the Thames, and the third in the Serpentine; in each W. Adams was victorious. On Saturday morning W. Adams, C. Powell, and G. Vize tried conclusions, G. Gardner and G. W. Pratt, who also entered, not appearing. Mr. John Latey, the giver of the cup, was starter and referee, his word off" being simultaneously obeyed. The nafcators rose together to the surface, but Adams soon went right away, was never afterwards even neared," and won a very hollow race by upwards of 50 yards. The second position was taken by Vize for the first 150 yards, when Powell left him, and at the bridge was about the same distance from Vize as from Adams. The last-named gentleman is a graceful and improving swimmer, and has, by his present feat, become abso- lute winner of the cup. Fatal Fire.-Between one and two o'clock on Sat. day morning a fire was discovered raging in a large barn on a farm belonging to Mr. Elgar, of Raigate, and near the Tan-yard at Redhill. Within the barn was stored a rick ^hay, a new waggon, and several farm implements. When the fire was discovered the flames had so great a hold on the barn and its contents that it was evident nothing there could be saved. The Redhill fire-engine was soon on the spot, and mounted messengers were despatched to Reigate and Dorking for the engines, which were soon in attendance. Not- withstanding there was an abundant supply of water, and the firemen worked energetically, it was found impossible to save the barn, or any portion of its con. tents. The efforts of the firemen were therefore directed to saving the adjoining premises, in which they were successful. By five o'clock the ruins were sufficiently cool to admit of a search being made, when some human bones, a portion of a man's hat and boots were found. There is therefore little doubt but that the fire was caused by some tramp, who took up his { abode in the barn for the night. | ] KING GEORGE IN COUNCIL. We should despair of giving to our readers any true idea of the secret alarm and confusion that prevailed in the cabinet meeting that instantly followed the re- ceipt by the Secret Department of the letter of Mis- tress Preston. We say secret, for the men who sat there were habitually accustomed to disguise all out- ward display. Bat as they gazed on each other with grave, imperturbable-looking faces, how many might there not be among those dignified statesmen who were saying to themselves, Who is there I can trust if a serious contest comes ?" or who asked of themselves, Am I trusted or held in doubt ?" The two Jacobite insurrections of 1715 and 1745 had fearfully shaken men's minds, and revealed the terrible gulf that such events opened, when friends and rela- tions previously cordially united found themselves at one blow divided for ever. The king in person presided over the council, and with a calmness that almost looked like insensibility, but was in reality anything bat that. "Where is the Earl of Bridgeminster?" was pre- sently the cry. No one could answer the question. Had he been duly summoned ? Of course he had. To make sure, the messenger who had been em- ployed in going to the different members' houses was called in and questioned. He said the earl was in- disposed. This he had learned from the servants, who, however, ha.d no doubt the earl would be able to attend. The king ordered the messenger to go with the utmost speed to the earl's house, and again summon him, with a message from himself. While he was gone, remarks began to pass between two of the persons present, in a low tone that could not be overheard, about certain Jacobite tendencies of the earl; and these were supplemented by fresh remarks as to some old notions that had prevailed of a family alliance between him and the father of the very Lord Langton who was now about to raise anew the banner of civil war, and who had been chosen-so the whisperers thought-with devilish ingenuity, as em- bodying in his own person the two great elements of success: he was the very beau ideal of an English Jacobite-aristocratic, able, energetic, and devoted; and he was, at the same time, a general in the French army, and authorised, most likely, to promise an army of Frenchmen to follow him. These possibly malicious whispers were carefully guarded from the king, in whose favour the earl stood high, on account, so it was said, of some act of whole- sale treachery to the Jacobite cause which had marked the time of the earl's first outburst of loyalty to King George, many, many years ago. "Hush!" exclaims one of the whisperers to his neighbour, the messenger returns." The messenger brought back a short and hurried note from the earl's daughter, addressed to one of the gentlemen present, which said that the earl, though ill, had been about to leave the house to attend his Majesty, when he had had what she feared was a stroke of paralysis, and was now in bed. She added that her father, in desiring his most dutiful respects te his Majesty, had no doubt be would be able to leave his bed in a few hours, when, if he were too late to join his colleagues, he shoald hasten to wait upon his Majesty at St. James's. The king was sensibly touched with this but the malcontent whisperers were smiling in each other's faces as if in recognition of some new piece of subtle diplomatising on the part of the earl. I Let us not forget to add that the note in question was signed Hermia." Was the ea.rl ill after all ? undoubtedly he was; just so ili-througb. the agitation of the news-as to be able to play to perfection the pretence of being very much worse. Mistress Preston's secret letter to the earl had duly reached first, and given him the exact opportunity he needed-first, to evade the cabinet council, where he know the particular work he wanted to be done could not be done by him under so many suspicious eyes; next, to get the king alone with himself afterwards, when he felt sure of success. And wonderfully the unconscious king played into his hands; for when the council had agreed on a sort of rough memorandum of what was to be done about Lord Langton personally, his Majesty pocketed the paper to think over during the evening; meaning, as everybody Iruaw, t0 consults with tho earl about it. We shall not describe that meeting which followed almost instantly after the breaking up of the other meeting-so wonderfully rapid had been the earl's recovery 1 We shall only transcribe the document that resulted from these double councils, and mark in italics, or between brackets, tke precise passages interpolated or seriously altered by the earl, who professed, however, to have done so at the king's sug- gestion and we are not sure tha.t the king himself did not think this was the truth, so skilfully had the earl managed his Majesty, who-as the earl very well knew-wanted exactly what he wanted-the noiseless but speedy destruction of this dangerous man. MEMORANDUM. A cireular, and to some extent (at the discretion of the Secretary State) private letter to be instantly addressed to the Lords Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace in all the maritime counties, to the admirals or other port and harbour masters, to the local superintendents of the officers and men of the Preventive Service, to the military officers in command of forts along the British shores, and, above all, to the admirals of the fleets who are now guarding our own coasts, and threatening the coasts of France. To THE EFFECT-that the strictest watch be kept day and night, and in particular at all those parts of the coast where the landing from small boats may be otherwise made easy, through the absence of population, and the convenient cha- racter of the shore. Let it be said that his Majesty's express sanction has been asked for this circular tetter, and that, while his Majesty will be prepared to acknowledge and reward those who may show wise forethought, unremitting care, and zealous loyal effort, he is equally determined to punish with signal severity those persons, of whatever rank, who may fail in their duty. [Althottglt it wouId be abstractedly desirable, in the interest of ustice, to capture uninjured this desperate and dangevous j'ebel, it ts of infinitely greater importance that no possible chance of escape should be afforded him by imprudent and untimely scruples. If lie be once clearly identified, escape must be rendered impos- sible. ] As to Humphrey Arkdale, who is supposed to be con- nected in some mysterious way with Langton, he is probably of no political importance. Still it woul dbe well to err on the safe side. He is therefore to be energetically sought for and arrested, but not endangered, even if guilty, till it is seen who and what he is, and whether he may not be made useful. Only a brief time has passed, and crowds are assembling round a great placard-not in one place only, but in a thousand places of the British Isles- and they read this:- PROCLAMATION. ONE THOUSAND POUNDS REWARD. WHEREAS a certain person now under sentence of death, commonly known as Stephen, Lord Langton, but whose rank no longer exists, and whose estates have been confis- cated by his Majesty's commands on account of hiB heinous crimes, is believed to be about to return to England in the pay and interests of the detestable enemies of the country; it is hereby made known that the above reward will be paid to the person or persons who may discover and cause to be apprehended if alive the said Stephen Langton, or produce his body if dead. His Majesty relies on all his loyal subjects to aid in the same. Done at the Palace of St. James, Sep. 27,17-. G.R. DESCRIPTION. Height, about 5 feet 9 inches. Body erect, of slender frame, but great strength and agility. Age-Looks about 35, but is younger. Hair, reddish brown, when visible under the darker wig. Face, melancholy. Complexion, naturally fair, though deepened by exposure. Eyes, soft, brown, dreamy, and at times extremely bright and penetrating. General bearing, dignified. Speech, slow and measured. Voice good, low, and melo- dious. A slight scar in the lobe of the left ear, which was cut through by a sabre, will furnish decisive means of identifi- cation, when taken in connection with all the rest. Thisi, however, is not perceptible except on close examination: Such was the welcome prepared for our unconscious hero through the kind offices of pretty Mistress Maria Clementina!-From the "Lion in the Path," a new tale commenced in Cassell's Illustrated Family Paper." - o.. Horrible Death.-George Pool, 14 years, and Joseph Burton, 18 years of age, were driving a reaping machine in a corn field, in the occupation of Mr. Cop- ley, farmer, Claypole, near Newark, the horses became suddenly affrighted, and bounded across the field most 1 furiously, thereby throwing the unfortunate youths 1 from the box on which they sat to the ground. The youths then became the victims to the reaping 1 machine, which cut and lacerated them in a most t frightful manner. They were rescued from their < dreadful position at the earliest possible moment, and t conveyed to Newark Hospital. On their admittance E it was evident Pool could not survive many hours; c and on Saturday morning at one o'clook he died. a Burton, although not seriously injured, lies at the I B hospital in a very precarious state. 
A young girl, about fifteen years of age, named Janet Cruik- shank, at present herd to Mr. Gibb, farmer, Aitnock, Edinkillie, near Inverness, was out one day last week in the hill, looking after some sheep, and followed by a little black dog. It appears that the ground was infested with foxes, and the dog having raised one of the number, gave chase, and got between Reynard and the earth. The latter finding himself thus refused admittance to his own house, sought shelter behind a large stone, and baffled the dog by constantly running around it. He appeared, however, not to be much alarmed although so hotly pursued; and Janet, fearing lest this'enemy to her flock might escape, contrived to get to a small height, whence she threw a stone so well directed and with such force that the fox was knocked down. Reynard, however, was not long in getting up again, but 'by this time he was made aware that he had met with foemen worthy of his steel, and ad- vancing from behind his covert, showed Janet a case of teeth anything but inviting; upon seeing which she exclaimed in her own Scotch dialect, Faigs, my lad, ye need na lauch at me; I'll gie ye lauchan, may be.' | She fulfilled her promise by opening a tremendous, battery of stones, and with such deadly effect that the ? wily old fox eventually had to succumb. Janet now advanced, crook in hand, and with a blow or two laid Reynard prostrate. Exulting at her victory, Janet proudly threw the fox over her shoulder, and com- menched her march home, but finding her burden too heavy, she was reluctantly obliged to leave the carcase on the hill, but carried the brush in triumph to her de- lighted master, who rewarded the intrepid girl for having displayed so much genuine Highland pluck. Trout Fishing in Maine, U. S. A correspondent of a contemporary gives the fol- lowing interesting letter on the subject of trout fishing across the Atlantic :-Thinking that a short account of the splendid trout fishing in Maine might not prove uninteresting to some of your readers, I venture to hope that the following may find a place in your columns. Having determined last May to visit the celebrated grand lake stream near the head waters of the St. Croix river (which divides the State of Maine from New Brunswick), I started from St. John, New Brunswick, with two friends, by the Boston boat. On arriving at Eastport we found a small steamer waiting, and proceeded in her to Calais. We there made arrangements with a smart Yankee to take the whole party, Indians, baggage, and all, straight to our fishing-ground. This man was the manager of a rough lumber railway to Lewy's Island (about twenty miles from Calais), and he was the enterprising owner of the smallest steamer I ever saw (24ft. long), on a large lake at that place. Wc had to go twelve miles in this across the lake before we could begin to fish. We got ourselves and traps on board late in the evening, and after some little delay in getting the steam up, and staidry indications of the boiler bursting, we arrived ,in at our destination about midnight, and encamped. The next morning, the first thing was to make our t camp comfortable, and then begin fishing. The lum- bermen told us we were rather early in the season for fly-fishing, but we nevertheless succeeded in killing nearly a hundred fine trout between us. The trout of this regioa. are different from any in North America, indeed Professor Agaosiz himself is puzzled, and does not know what to call them.. They are of a bright silvery hue, and in shape more like a salmon than a trout. At that season (May) they come cut of the lakes into the connecting streams in myriads, sheltered from the sun under the large rafts and logs floating down to Calais and St. Stephens. They are very voracious, and the g'amest fish possible, leaping out of the water when hooked, and fighting to the last. They would rise two at a time, and even if pricked would rise again. Average weight 2Jib. The spot was all that a fiy-fisher could desire, a clear swift stream, with beautiful pools and rapids. The stream was about three miles long, and connected two very large lakes of the Scoodie chain. The best fishing spot was just above the dam, an old rough wooden affair, with four gates, which could be opened or shut at pleasure, and was used by the lumbermen for driving the lumber through. When a jam of logs occurred below the dam, the men shut down the gates while they cleared it, and then the fish were most on the feed, and sport was certain. We fished here, having excellent sport, for about a week, and returned to St. John delighted with our trip. We each usually killed about sixty or seventy of these fish every day. I kippered what we did not use, and found them capital. The best flies for them were rather large, with orange, red, or fiery brown bodies, and light mallard wings. In fact, they would rise at almost anything. I used even to catch very large ones by moonlight with a large white fly. When tired of fly-fishing, I went with my Indian and canoe above the dam. and trolled with a large spoon bait for togne," a large coarse kind of lake-trout (Salmo Siska/wit-z). They are also a very ravenous fish, but never rise to a fly. Although much inferior to the other trout or lake-shiners (as they are called by the lumbermen) both in gameness and flavour, they never- theless show fair sport, being of large size, 151b. or 201b. being nothing uncommon. I did not kill any over 71b. myself, as I did not go to the best places, for it would have been too far from my camp. I could, if it would interest your readers, give you some information relative to the flies and fishing in the rivers of New Brunswick, but fearing that I have already trespassed too much on your space, will conclude by saying that, barring black flies and mosquitoes, a sportsman can enjoy himself more amongst the beautiful streams and woods of New Brunswick, than anywhere in the world. A MILE in four minutes and three seconds has just been accomplished by W. Lang at Newmarket. SAND grouse are getting plentiful in Scotland. It is a Turkish bird, and has taken an immense journey to arrive at a home agreeable to its tastes. The change of climate must be a hard one to bear. DURING the past season, Mr. E. M. Grace, the re- nowned cricketer, has made double the number of runs that any other cricketer, living or dead, ever made in any one season. He played in 50 matches, had 78 innings, obtained 3,074 runs, giving an average per innings on the whole of 39 runs and 32 over. IT is publicly announced that the entire racing stud of Lord Stamford, consisting of upwards of sixty horses and yearlings, will be disposed of by Messrs. Tattersall, on the 3rd of December, at his lordship's paddocks at Newmarket. HER MAJESTY'S STAG HOUNDS.-The opening meet at Salt-hill, on Tuesday, brought together a large field of well-known faces, but the wet prevented many who would otherwise have been there. The run was ex- traordinary for so early in the season. The deer was uncarted at Mr. Botham's farm, and with a good scent, over very heavy ground, went away to Stoke, Fulmer, Alderbourne-bottom, and over Red-hill, Den- ham-marsh, Horn-hill, Mill-hill, and Rickmansworth, whore the company became very select, then continu- ing past Moor-park to Batchworth-heath and Oxley, through the great wood to Watford-end, where this glorious run ended, in a little more than three hours. The rain continued falling and the wind blowing all day. The hounds had twenty-six miles home, rather a sharp beginning of the season. On Friday they met at Maidenhead-thicket, where they had a crowded field; an excellent day's sport was afforded. I. 
SEVERAL woodcocks were shot during the past week in the west pf Cornwall, which is an extraordinary early period for their arrival. A WRITER in the Siecle calls the attention of the authorities to a brutal sport entitled Tir ct la pierre (cock throwing), which has just been revived at a-fete in the neighbourhood of Dieppe. A cock is attached to a cord fixed to a stake driven into the ground. A heap of stones is placed at a short distance, and for two sous any one has a right to five throws at the un- fortunate bird, which remains the prize ot tho marks- man who kills it. On the occasion referred to, after an eye had been knocked out, the head cut, and a leg broken, a blow fall in the breast extended the poor cock on the ground apparently lifeless, but it was found to still breathe, and, according to the rules of the game, it had still to remain as a target. Racing Prophets. The following were the prophecies for the New- market Second October Meeting:- OCTOBER PRODUCE STAKES -Life:STAKES Esca. Era: Esca. Field: Esca. Sporting Life: Esoa. Sportsman Lord Stamford's best. RENEWED SWEEPSTAKES of 50 sovs. each- Bell's Life: La Fortune. -Eg-a: La Fortune. Field: La Fortune. Sporting Life: La Fortune. Sporting Gazette: La Fortune. Sportsman: La Fortune. FREE HANDICAP SWEEPSTAKES, R.M.-Bell's Life: The Duke. Era The Dake. Field: Sydmon- ton. Sporting Life: Sydmonton or Pantaloon. Sporting Gazette Breadalbane or Sydmonton. Sportsman: The Duke. The CESAREWITCH STAKES -Bell's STAKES Life: Sal- pinctes. Era: Zephyr or Salpinctes. Field: John Davis or Alabama. Sporting Life: Salpinctes. Sporting Gazette: Salpinctes. Sportsman Sal- pinctes or Alabama. ROYAL STAKES -BeWs STAKES Life: Jack o' Lantern. Era: Jack o' Lantern. Field: Todleben or Ariel. Sporting Life Todleben. Sporting Gazette: Jack o' Lantern. Sportsman: Todleben. CLEAR WELL STAKES-Bell's Life: Robin Hood. Era: The Student. Field: The Student. Sporting Life: Robin Hood. Sporting Gazette: Rustic. Sporis- man: The Student or Robin Hood. TROY STAKES-Belts Life: The Student. Era: The Student or Lord Lyon. Field: Lord Lyon or The Student. Sporting Life: Mr. Pitt or Lord Lyon. Sporting Gazette: Robin Hood. Sportsman: The Student. WILTON STAKES -Bell's STAKES Life: Crown Prince. Era: The Primate. Sporting Life: The Primate or Isohia. Sporting Gazette: Crown Prinoe. Sportsman Crown Prince. BEDFORD STAKES -Bell's STAKES Life: Esca or Magician. Era: Esca. Field: Esca. Sporting Life: Esoa. Sportsman: Magician. I SELECT STAKES -BeZi's STAKES Life: The Duke. Era: The Duke. Field: The Duke. Sporting Life: The Duke. Sporting Gazette: The Duke. Sportsman: The Duke. SWEEPSTAKES of 50 sovs. each, Criterion Course -Bell's Life: La Germaine. Era: La Germaine. Sporting Life: Langham. Sporting Gazette: Lang- ham. Sportsman: La Germaine. NEWMARKET OAKS Bell's Life: Trapeze. Era: Klarinska. Field: Peeress. Sporting Gazette: Trapeze or Peeress. Sportsman: Klarinska. BRETBY STAKES -Bell's STAKES Life: Lady Sophie or Skirmisher's dam filly. Era: Skirmisher's dam filly or Lady Sophie. Field: Lady Sophie. Sporting Gazette: Skirmisher's dam filly. Sportsman: Mirella or Lady Sophie. SWEEPSTAKES of 500 sovs. each-Bell's Life: Liddington. Era: Liddington. Field: Chattanooga. Sporting Gazette: Chattanooga. Sportsman: Lid- dington. SWEEPSTAKES of 300 sovs. each-Bell's Life: Esca. Era: Esca or The Primate. Field: Esca. Sporting Gazette: Esca. Sportsman: Esoa. NEWMARKET DERRY -Bell's DERRY Life: Gladiateur or The Duke. Era: Gladiateur. Field: Gladiateur. Sporting Gazette: Gladiateur. Sportsman: Gladia- teur. PRENDERGAST STAKES-Bell's Life: Janitor. Era: Janitor. Field: The Student. Sportsman: The Student. PRODUCE STAKES, T.Y.C.-Bell's Life: Robin Hood. Era: Robin Hood. Field: Mr. Pitt. Sports- man: Robin Hood. 
A VERY pleasant game of football was played last week between the old and present Rugbeians. The School had a very slight superiority over their oppo- nents in point of numbers, but, as usual, the old Rugbeians more than made up for this numerical inferiority by their superior strength and size. The toss was won by the old Rugbeians, who took the island goal; consequently the School kicked off, and, for about ten minutes, managed to keep the ball close to their opponents' goal, till at length a long drop of Poole's took the ball into touch-in-goal. Tkis seemed only to incite the old Rugbeians, for, after taking the ball out, they followed up with such a burst, that they soon touched the ball down in the School goal. J. Davenport took it out and placed it for Fisher, who made a splendid try at goal, but the ball slightly rolled before he kicked it. After this, nothing decisive took place for a long time, till the School at last got the ball near their opponents'goal, when Macleod, by a clever piece of play, dropped the ball into the hands of Vonables (back) who ran in. A try at goal was made by Langhorne, but it was unsuccessful. Soon after this, Macleod again obtained the ball, and dropped a good goal for the School. The Old Rugbeians changed overhand soon showed that they intended to play a very different game. Their superior weight began to tel-l, and after repeated touches in goal they managed to touch the ball down, though a long way from the goal-posts. Case punted out, the ball was caught, and a drop at goal made by Haines. There was some little dispute about the goal, but, to avoid wasting time, the Old Rugbeians gave it up, and were soon rewarded by another touch-down, right between the goal-posts, and a goal was kicked by Lloyd. This ended the match, as it was too dark to go on, and most of the Old Rugbeians had to return to Oxford and Cambridge the same evening. The ground was crowded by fair spectators, and strangers who came down by train from all quarters to see the match. The play was exceedingly good, considering the numbers on both sides. THE Journal des Chasseurs contains an anecdote of the Marquis do Varagne, of sporting celebrity, which is rather amusing. In 1845 the Marquis made an excursion to Italy for the purpose of shooting snipe in the Pontine Marshes. Whilst enjoying the sport, he met with an Englishman who was similarly engaged. This latter personage was a tall, thin indi- vidual, with a red beard; but a thorough gentle- man," adds the Marquis, who speedily made his ac- quaintance. They were examining each other's guns, when the Englishman remarked, Ah! this is a won- derful double of mine; but one must understand the piece, and, above all, load it in the English way. Englishmen are the only people who can load a gun properly." "Have the goodness to explain your method, monsieur," said the Marquis. The fact of the matter is this," said the Briton; you French- men ram down the powder as hard as you can, and let the shot lie quite loose on the top of it. That is alto- gether wrong. You ought, on the contrary, to let the powder be loose, and to ram the shot well home. Oh, yes he added, it's only Englishmen who know how to load a gun, and I will bet X200 there is not a single Frenchman who can shoot as well as I can." i" Will you! said the Marquis; then, as a French- man, I accept your wager, monsieur! Next day they went out shooting together; each of them was to have twelve shots. The Englishman killed twelve snipe. The Marquis killed eleven, but the twelfth was only slightly wounded, and got off; there- fore he lost the wager. I knew it would be so," said the son of Albion; "no Frenchman can shoot so well as I can; and it is only Englishmen who know how to load a gun." 11 Bat, monsieur," remarked the marquis, will permit me to have my revenge ? I will wager double the first sum in double the number of shots." The next day the marquis killed his twenty-four snipe in twenty-four shots, while the Englishman only bagged nineteen, Quite beside himself with vexation, he declared it was all a chance, and that a really good shot could only show his prowess on partridges, And I am quite certain," he added, that no French- man can shoot so well as I can, and that it is only Englishmen-" Do me the honour, monsieur, in- terrupted the marquis, to accompany me to my estate in the south of France. There is abundance of part- ridges. If monsieur still likes to make a wager, it will give me great pleasure." A fortnight afterwards they were busy shooting partridges, and again the English- man lost. Still he would not acknowledge that he had found his master. "You shoot very well," he said to the marquis, "but that is because you know the ground; for I am quite certain that no Frenchman can shoot so well as I can, and that it is only English- men who know how to load a gun." A GENTLEMAN from the neighbourhood of Newport Pagnell says During the month of October I saw two pairs of rooks busy with the work of incubation, and heard the young ones distinctly; one nest was within fifty yards of my house, and the other in a tree which has not been used for building purposes before. I shall be glad to know if this has been ob- served in any other locality-having asked many people who have lived near rookeries all their lives, but they never knew of a similar instance." Instances, how- ever, are not rare of rooks, when their nests have been disturbed in the spring, building again either in the summer or the autumn. A GENTLEMAN writing to our sporting contemporary says: "Most readers of the Field will recollect the great weasel story of Kirkby Lonsdale, when a man who was fishing was much annoyed by a weasel chattering at him, and struck it with his rod, thereby breaking the top joint; while mending which he was attacked by a large drove of these savage little beasts, who would have made an end of him had it not been for a carrier parsing by, who unloosed his bulldog, and with his assistance rescued the almost victim to restless nerves. The story is perfectly true, and my friend Mr. Gillbanks knows the man who was attacked, and also his rescuer. While at Gilsland the other day, my friend Mr. Dodd informed me of another instance of weasels going in packs. He was at dinner in his shooting-box, at Wardrew, when his attention was excited by a most extraordinary noise, something like the music of a kennel at feeding time. On going out to ascertain the cause he saw an enormous drove of hundreds of weasels going in a sort of procession down the road; so long did they take in their massage that he had time to send for a tenant of his (Mr. Walsh) with whose assistance a very large number of the vermin were distroyed. This wholesale emigration of weasels is a most extraordinary fact, and one difficult to account for. Perhaps some reader of the Field who has studied their habits may be able to give us some insight into its cause." ANOTHER correspondent of the same paper gives the following warning to gentlemen using cartridges On my return from shooting the other day," he says, "I proceeded to remove, as usual, the loaded cartridges from my gun. One adhered so tightly that I was obliged to have recourse to the cartridge drawer. Whilst in the act of pulling, the cartridge exploded, injuring my hand most severely, and covering my face with powder marks. The cause of the accident is clelr enough. The copper stud in this instance must have been in contact with the annotating powder in the cap, and the very slight friction produced by pull- ing at the stud was sufficient to cause the explosion. I have performed this operation many times with impunity, but you may readily believe I shall never attempt it again, and I should strongly advise my fellow-sportsmen, as they value their right hands, to fire off a tight-fitting cartridge before attempting to meddle with it." 
THE proposed Scottish national volunteer review and sham fight, at Stirling, has been finally abandoned for the present year, a resolution to that effect having been agreed to at a meeting of volunteer oiffcers held at Stirling on Friday last. THE North Sea herring voyage is being prosecuted with considerable success. During the last fortnight numerous deliveries have been made. Generally speak- ing, the quality of the herrings has been good. Prices have ranged from about £10 to.£21 per last. THE Zingari Cricket Club have won their first victory in their present Irish tour, defeating their Cork op. ponents by 26 runs. On Wednesday evening the team, proceeding to encounter their Bandon opponents, found themselves comfortably quartered in Castle Bernard, the seat of the Earl of Bandon, who is a most enthusiastic patron of crioket and cricketers. THE Licensed Victuallers' cricket match, which was looked forward to with much interest, especially by the friends of the two charities-the Licensed Victual- lers' Asylum and the School-and it was for the purpose of aiding the funds of the latter, took place on Friday on the Surrey ground, Kennington- oval. The weather proved fair, a slight shower only occurring. A very extensive marquee (about 300ft. long) was erected, besides other tents for accommodation. The company, which amounted to about 3,000 or 4,000, seemed de- lighted with the programme. SrEAKiNG of sport in Normandy, the Edinburgh Courier says:-The fishing this season on the Alten river, we are informed, has been more successful than in any season for many years back. On one of the nights the Duke of Roxburghe caught 30 salmon, and the Marquis of Bowmont 29 salmon. The largest salmon weighed 421b., while another oaught weighed 381b. We believe the takes of the Marquis of Bow- mont and the Duke of Roxburghe have averaged over 7,0001b. in weight. It ia said that the rivers of Norway abound with a plentiful supply of salmon, and that on all the waters similarly good sport has been enjoyed by anglers. _n -r. THROWING THE HAMMER.-A handicap match (the second that has taken place this season) came off at Floors Castle on Friday evening. As on the previous occasion, the Marquis of Bowmont, Lord Cftarles Innes Ker, and Colonel Knox, of the Scots Fusilier Guards, furnished the prizes.. No fewer than 25 of the retainers in the castle entered the list as competitors. The competition, in which the patrons of the game. took a part, was chiefly for throwing the heavy hammer. At the close of the contest, which was very keen, the following were the victors:-First prize, Mr. G. G. Goodwin (5ft. 4in. to start), 73ft. 10iin.; 2ad 2 prize, Mr. J. Patterson (26ft. to start), 72ft. lOin.; 3rd prize, Mr. James Ballantyne (21ft. to start), 69ft. 8in.; 4th prize, Mr. Walter Gardiner (12ft. to start), 68ft. 6in. The Marquis of Bowmont was the next in order, throwing the hammer to a distance of 60ft. THE Second Surrey Field Artillery of Volunteers was officially inspeoted on Saturday last by Colonel Wardle. The members mustered at their head- quarters, Gresham-hall, Brixton, under the command of Colonel Durnford, assisted by Major Jenkins and Captain and Adjutant Sparks. Owing to the unfavour- able state of the weather, they did not horse their guns; the horses were, however, drawn up in the shed and the guns placed in position, where they were both very minutely inspected. Colonel Wardle, in addressing the regiment, said he was very well pleased with what he had seen, but regretted that through the inclemency of the weather they were unable to go through the field movements. He was, however, per- suaded that from their smart and soldier-like appear- lulle they would have retained their Character as a field battery. In conclusion, the gallant colonel spe. cially complimented the members for the cleanliness or tneir arms and accoutrements. A LOCAL contemporary says "Fish do not as yet appear to be very plentiful in the Earn; or, if they are, they do not tiae freely to the fly. Still Bome sport has been got. On the 29 th ult. Lord Dapplin was oat at Dupplin Castle, along with the Rev. Mr. Pincott. They killed a griJse each. For some days after that the river was not in good. order, but on Monday it was in pretty fair ply. Lord Dupplin had capital sport. He killed two salmon, 18Jibs, and 151bs., and one sea trout, besides losing three other fish, which bit Rhort. Mr. Pincott, the same day, had one grilse of 91bs. On Tuesday Mr. Pincott killed another 91b. grilse, and Lord Dupplin killed one of 6ilba., and lost two more, which were badly hooked. The other day the river was coming out, and is out of ply for fishing- When it clears up good sport will be got. We have not heard of much sport got farther up, but here and there a fish has been killed. The keeper at Invermay killed one grilse and a sea-trout on Monday evening. On Strathallan water Lord Strathallan killed a nice grilse the other day, and another was killed on the upper Strowan water. Good sport is looked for till the end of the season. THE seoond and last free Sunday for this season at the Crystal Palace was on the 9 h instant. The directors had issued 6,000 free tickets to the secretary of the National Sunday League for distribution among the members of the Crystal Palace share clubs and their friends, who eagerly availed themselves of the privilege. Tho directors also allowed any of the trades' tickets for the previous Sunday not used on that day to be admitted last Sunday. The day being fine it appeared that nearly every ticket issued must have been used. On the 2nd instant the 10,000 per- sons present at the Palace were almost without an ex- ception artisans and their families. On Sunday not more than half the number would come under that de. nomination, the remainder belonging to the middle class. By five o'clock upwards of 12,000 visitors had reached the Palace, and a large number more came down by train after that hour. From three until five o'clock a selection of sacred music WAS performed on the great organ by the organist of the Palace, which was listened to with great interest and attention by a large audience. At the conclusion of the musio short addresses were delivered from the large orchestra by Messrs. B. Langlpy and Morrell, after which the numerous company walked about in the Palaee and grounds until dusk. Before nine o'clock the numerous company had all taken their departure with the same regularity, order, and propriety which bad cha- racterised the whole proceedings of the afternoon. It was stated by the committee that the total number of visitors on the 9 th inst., including children, amounted to nearly 15,000. 
WE are authorised by Lord Stamford to state that it is his intention to retire altogether from the Turf, and that his entire stud, with the exception of the brood mares, will shortly be disposed of. Txx", Prince Imperial swims perfectly, thanks to the instruction of nis luaow, £.hnond Foumftt, to whom he handed a medal and diploma signed by himself, as an acknowledgment of his instructions in that useful art. AN alarming paragraph has appeared in some of the papers within the last few days, announcing great ravages among the game of Worcestershire, conse- quent on the appearance of the plague among hares, rabbits, and pheasants. From the inquiries we have made, says a sporting contemporary, it appears that opinion on the subject is much divided, but that there is ground for fearing that in some, places game has been attacked by disease. In rabbits-which are said to be commonly attacked-and hares, the fnr all drops off, and an eruption bursts out on the skin; and in hares, rabbits, and birds there is much inflammation of the body. GOOD SPORT.-A Banffshire journal has the follow- ing:-Mr. Adam Ledingham, gamekeeper to Mr. Simeon Keir, while out shooting upon the Lnsmurdie moors, in this county, discharged his double-barrelled gan at a large eovey of grouse that were flying past him, and brought down five out of their number. Mr. Ledingham, after loading his fowling-piece, saw another large pack of grouse flying in the same direc- tion; and, while they were in the act of passing him, he discharged both barrels among them, and brought down twelve out of their number, thus killing in the whole at the two discharges, seventeen fine, plump, strong grouse-making a hit in grouse-shooting that probably has no parallel in the annals of sport, more especially at this season of the year, when the grouse have such a coating of feathers upon their bodies as greatly defends them from the shot. MANY sea monsters have lately been seen at the entrance of the Channel, their presence accounting for the almost total disappearance of pilchards and mackerel from the coast. On Saturday, in the neigh- bourhood of Oaessant (Finisterre) there were seen five sharks, also several whales, dolphins, and porpoises. One of the sharks was caught by a line thrown from the Eurydice, but the monster broke away and escaped. HOW TO ESTIMATE THE WEIGHT OF FISH.- All that is wanted is that the angler should bear in his memory a good specimen of the kind of fish in question as his primary solid. Thus, if a trout of lOin. (extreme length) in an average water weigh ilb.. one of 20in. from the same will weigh 41b. (eight times as much) and sometimes more; one of 30in., 13Jib., or 27 times as much. But in a very fattening water, like the Thames, a high-conditioned trout of 12in. might weigh about lib.; in which ca.se ene of 18in., being to the first as the cube of 3 to the cube of 2, would weigh 31b. 6oz. at least, and one of 24in., 8Ib.Fisherman's Magazine.. A SPORTSMAN IN SEARCH OF A NAME.-An emi- nent publishing firm this week received an order from the midland counties for a libretto of Satanella. The libretto was out of print, and the publishers wrote and said so, but received a reply urging them to endeavour to procure one. After some difficulty, incited by urgent appeals, the publishers managed to borrow a beok. of the opera, and sent it to their customer on loan, asking him to return it when done with. In a few days the book came back; the customer was obliged and quite satisfied. He was the owner of the mare Satanella, which had foaled; and he was desirous of naming the offspring also out of the opera! Hence the anxiety of the artistic horse-owner. 
A MAN ran against a pony for one hundred yards, it Castle Broiriwich, on Saturday last. The biped ;ould go the distance in ten seconds, but the pony, whose rider weighed nine stone, won the race. A GENTLEMAN, who now holds a prominent position m our turf, originally arrived in this country with a .etter of introduction to an earl of most un-racing pro- pensities. The missive came from a friend of the! sari's, whom he had met oh his travels, requesting him to assist the bearer in obtaining a proper footing in mr racing world. This sorely puzzled the amiable nobleman at first, but, on consideration, he soon re- leased himself of the request by sending the letter to; his friend-a gallant admiral, so well-known and re- spected in turf matters-who, true to his colours, at once released his noble friend from his position, and! carried out the wishes of the letter by affording the !I stranger every assistance in his power, and giving him a, start and lead," which he has so well, and popularly kept. MARSEILLES is coming out as a 'sporting city, no less than 15,500 francs having been given to be run for j in one day's racing. Arc-en-ciel, belonging to M. de Behagne won the Great Prix de la Ville, worth 10,0001 francs. The Due de Morny won two races with! Joliette and Gentilhomme. King Louis of Bavaria, who was passing through Marseilles, was present at the races. THE Duke of Cambridge, Lord George Manners, General Hall, Colonel Macdonald, and Colonel Newton, shot last week over the Links preserves, near New- market, and made a. bag of 636 bead-;viz., 332 pheasants, 256 hares and rabbits, and 48 partridges. On a second day the same party shot in three hours in Cheveley-park 190 pheasants, 60 hares, 23 rabbits, two partridges, and one woodcock. The Duke of Cambridge has also shot over the covers of General Hall at Weston Colville, in the same neighbourhood, with the Duke of Beaufort, Lord Mount Charles, Lord Stamford, the Marqijis of Salisbury, and Colonel Macdonald. In two days 1,260 pheasants,,324 hares, 101 rabbits, and 10 partridges were shot, making a total of 1,695 head. LORD MIDDLETON had nearly lost his first whip last-week. Some of the hounds were astray, near Sledmere, and the whip, who is a stranger, and in his first season, remained to get them together. The night was very dark,, and in. taking across country homewards, both horse and rider fell into one of the spring heads, near Wh^rra,m Church, the mare being uppermost. Both lay in the cold spring water, unable to get out, but, singularly enough, both with heads just above water. The cry of the hounds was heard down the valley to Wharram Station, and also by the passengers in the last Malton train. The long con- tinuance of the cries induced a man to go and see what the dogs were about, and found the pitiable position of the mare and her rider. The dogs, however, would not suffer either to be touched, and would certainly have worried any one attempting a rescue single- handed. After a two hours' immersion both were got out. The whip was soon got round; but the mare-a very valuable one-was apparently the worst of the two. Had not assistance arrived, the mare and her rider must have both been inevitably starved to death. GREAT MATCH AT DRA.UGHTS. Another great match at draughts has been arranged, says the North British Agriculturist, between the "Herd Laddie" (Mr. James Wyllie, Leven), and Mr. Robert Martin, London. Play is to commence in Glasgow on Monday, Jan. 18, and the trial of skill is to last for sixty-two games. The match is to be for £ 100 a-side, and a bet of £ 5 on each game; and the articles set forth such conditions of opening the games that the result can scarcely be a draw," as in the case of the last match between these celebrated players. HUMOROUS LAWS FOR THE BETTER REGULATION 3F WHIST TABLES.-l. That, as perpetual grumbling is a key that pleases no ear, if any one shall declare n a complaining tone that he is the worst card- lolder in the world, that no man ever played with rach luck, that he will never play any more, or .vords to that effect, such offender shall forfeit t sum of money not exceeding the value of one point. 2. That, as it is presumed that every man )lays to the best of his ability, if his partner shall ingrily or peevishly upbraid him with want of skill or nemory, he shall forfeit a sum of money not exceeding ;he value of one point; bat if accompanied by redness )f face, two points; and if with paleness and a ;rembling lip, three points. N.B. As some gross jlunders go to the quick, and man is but man, a mffering partner shall be permitted to say gently, 'What a pity you forgot such a card was out," and such like phrases. 3. That, as every card-player is at iberty to indulge in or to disclaim any degree of super- stition, it shall be allowed for a losing player to gratify iis distempered fancy by shuffling or fuzzing the cards, ,h changing his chair, tapping a black deuce, or prac- jising any conceit he thinks fit to change his luck; md, if anyone remonstrates with him in respect of jhese particulars, he shall forfeit a sum of money not sxceeding the value of one point. 4. The penalties to )e determined by the majority of the company, and to oe applied in payment of the expenses of the evening, )r in such other manner as they shall think fit. ON PRESERVING FISH.-A correspondent of the Field gives the following as somewhat abridged from Brown's "Manual:"-Lay the fish on one side and jut out the gills with a pair of scissors; then intro- iuce a piece of tow or sponge into the place to prevent bhe blood from flowing during the process of skinning. Carefully wipe the sides of the fish with a damp sponge; Let the fins be raised and gently extended, and two pieces of paper, something the shape of each fin, be placed under them, only extending a little beyond them; 3oat the paper with a weak solution of gum-arabic, md put a piece of similar size on the top of the fin-by pressing these gently they will adhere and dry in a few minutes; these will keep the fins extended, and pre- serve them during the operation of stuffing. When these are dry take a piece of tissue paper or thin silk lond press it gently on one side of the fish; the natural glutinous matter which covers the scales will be suf- ficient to make it adhere firmly; it will soon dry and form a strong protection to the scales during the skin- ning it will also assist in keeping the proper form of the fish, by preventing distension. When these papers are thoroughly dry turn the fish on a soft cloth, with the uncovered side uppermost, and open it with sharp scissors from the bottom of the tail-fin to nearly the snout, keep- ing as correctly on the lateral line as possible, which can be seen in most fishes. The eheek should be after- wards cut open, so that the flesh may be removed from it; cut also the flesh from the opposite cheek, and supply its place by cotton. The ■ kin must now be detached from the flesh, which will require some care at first. It must be commenced at the head, and separating it downwards with the assistance of a knife, and the fin bones must be cut through with scissors. The spine must now be cut through close to the head, and also at the tail, and the body removed. All the animal matter having been completely removed from the skin, the inside must be wiped dry, and the pre- servative applied in the usual manner, as w ith birds ly and quadrupeds. After the skins are properly anointed, they are filled with tow or cotton; this must be so managed that there will be no prominences on the outside of the skin, which, in fishes, is smooth and even for the most part. When properly filled they must be sewed up, and set aside to dry in the air, but not exposed to the rays of the sun. In a few days the papers with which the fins were extended are taken off by damping them with a sponge. The glass eyes are now introduced, after filling the orbits with cotton, and a little cement to keep them in their places. The skins may then be varnished, and laid aside to dry. Mr. Bullock always used turpentine varish. I think the above method was formerly adopted in the Jardin des Plantes, but whether continued to the present day I cannot say. At all events, it seems a very simple plan, and it has the desired effect. 
THE Belgian journals state that at the late sporting excursion at Letzlingen the King of Prussia killed 26 deer and 34 wild boars, and the Emperor of Russia 62 of the latter and 42 of the former. A NEW enemy to the grouse has just been discovered. Two gentlemen driving from Gatehouse to Tariff station, early in the forenoon of one day last week, noticed a bird lying by the side of the road along which the wires of the magnetic telegraph run. On being picked up it was found to be a fine cock grouse quite dead, its head having been all but severed from its body; it had evidently been recently killed, being still warm, and the cause of death was not far to seek, the peculiar nature of the injury showing that the bird had, while flying, come in contact with the tele- graph wires. We have been told that on one shooting in the neighbourhood of Glenluce no fewer than eighty birds have been picked up this season, which had evi- dently fallen victims to the wire. FOOTBALL.-The United Band of Wanderers left the fog of the metropolis for the lines of the Royal Engineers' South Camp, Aldershot, last week, adjoin- ing which was the ground set apart for their football contest with twelve officers of the camp. The army, having lost the toss, commenced the attack, and the first shot was fired by Lieut. Campbell, R.A. Charge after charge was made, and attack after attack re- pelled, and it appeared as if the battle would remain a drawn one; but a dashing charge of several of the roving band, and a clever shot by Mr. A. M. Tebbut, finished the fight in favour of the Wanderers. After the termination of the contest both sides joined in a united assault on a capital lunch provided by the officers. Shortly after the shades of night had closed in, the Wanderers returned to town, much gratified with the kind reception they had experienced at the hajids of their opponents. The Wanderers consisted of Messrs. C. W. Alcock, Capt. W. F. Baker, W. Cut- bill, J. Elliot, F. Green, H. Green, H. Head, C. M. Tebbut, A. M. Tebbut, A. Thompson, Saint Patrick, and the O'Don't-know-who. The contest between the Harrovians of Oxford and Cambridge came off on Nov. 12, at Oxford, the Oxonians being victorious by one base to none. Neither side played their full strength, but in justice to the Cantabs it must be mentioned that they only had ten men, notwithstanding which drawback they made a close contest, and played pluokily throughout. The base for Oxford was gained by Mr. Clutterbuok, of Exeter College. The sides were composed of the following gentlemen :-Oxford. -Mr. A. Clutterbuck, Mr. E. C. Glyn, Mr. W. F. Mait- land, Mr. B. D. Walker, Mr. W. Phipps, Mr. A. K. Leslie, Mr. Biggins, Mr. J. F. Mylne, Mr. Warden, Mr. C. Reid, and Mr. Montgomery. Cambridge.-Mr G. T. Prior, Mr. Russell, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Crompton, Mr. Porter, Mr. R. C. Moncreiff, Mr. Cheetham, Mr. Long, Mr. Kennedy, and Mr. Swainson. This is the third year of the match, Oxford having won twice and Cambridge once. A SwIx OF THIRTY MILES. During the rough weather and heavy sea that recently prevailed (says the West Briton Gazette), a Sennen man perceived three tame swans approaching the rocks. One of them was soon knocked about among the cliffs and killed. The other two were secured. They were found to be very hungry, and their thirst was intense. Their clipped wings showed that water and not air had been the path by which they found their way to the Land's End, and within the last day or two it has been discovered that they belong to Mr. Augustus Smith, M.P., and-either tired of Island life, or venturing too far from Tresco during a westerly wind -swam from Scilly to the Land's End, a voyage across the Atlantic of nearly thirty miles. They have returned with less exertion, as the Little Western has taken them home. 
PHEASANT shooting commenced on Monday, but in consequence of the wet weather in August and September the hides were not by any means large, and the cover shooting has not afforded so much sport as in former years. THREE tradesmen in London went up the other day to enjoy a day's fishing at Luton Hoo, when they captured no less than 4 owt. of jack, which is the largest take ever known in the neighbourhood. The finest specimens of the fish have been sent to the Piscatorial Society, in Pall-mall, to contend for the gold cup, which is given this month by the society, for the taker of the heaviest amount of fish. Two beautiful animals, says the Sportsman, have been sent to Ireland within the last few days by the Count F. do Lagrange. The count, on being applied to for a prize for the support of a great charitable institution in Ireland, generously responded, and re- marked, To Irish horses I owe the winning of the blue ribands of the English Turf. As the progenitors of Fille de l'Air and Gladiateur were genuine Hibernians, the least I can do is to try and give some- thing in the way of horseflesh to a country whose horses did so much honour to France in winning for her the greatest prizes that England throws open, to competition en the turf." True to his promise the owner of the winner of the Oaks, and of the Derby of 1865 selected two Arabian ponies to be given as a prize for the forthcoming bazaar and drawing of prizes, held under the auspices of the Commercial Young Men of Dablin. for the purpose ef realising funds for the support of poor female orphans. THE concert of the Tonic Sol-Fa Association, at the Crystal Palace on Saturday, was attended by upwards of 15,000 visitors. The day's proceedings passed over with great success. The palace was illuminated in the evening, the fairy fountain coming in for great appro- bation. A larger number of persons visited the little ship than on any day since it has been in the Palace. The last display of fountains took place on Thursday, and the winter concerts are just commencing. The concert-room has been entirely enclosed, and the sub- scription for reserved aeatthas been remarkably good. During the eleven months that have expired upwards of 1,900,000 visitors have attended the Palace. The return of admissions for six days ending September 29 (including season ticket holders), was 40,148. IN Yorkshire there are ten packs of fox-hounds, one pack of stag-hounds, and five or six of harriers, equal in all to thirteen or fourteen packs of fox. hounds. Thirteen packs of fox-hounds of fifty couples each, viz., 1,300 hounds, consume annually 200 tons of oatmeal, at a cost of £ 2,600, besides the carcasses of about 2,600 dead horses, worth nothing if no hounds were kept. There are at least 1,000 hunting men in Yorkshire, keeping on an average four horses each; 4,000 horsed will cost them X200,000 at £ 50 each, and their keep at £50 per annum each makes .£200,QOO more; 4,000 horses employ 2,000 men as grooms (generally the offspring of the agricultural population), and consume annually 40,000 quarters of oats, 2,000 quarters of beans, and 8,000 tons of hay and grass. The Court Journal comments thus:- Every tradesman is benefited by hunting-tailors, shoemakers, blacksmiths, saddlers, druggists, butchers, bakers, grocers, brewers, wine merchants, surgeons, and veterinary surgeons. If fox-hunting were given up, where would the farmer find a market for the above produce, or for a well-bred horse four or five years old P Foxes are the farmers best friends, and they ought to use every exertion to preserve them, and prevent them being stolen, to be sent where masters of hounds are unsportsmanlike enough to purchase them no matter from whence they come." WNDON ATHLETIC CLUB. This association of distinguished athletes had their opening day of the season on Saturday, in the West London Running Grounds, Brompton, which serve the triple purpose of accommodating the Athletic Club, the Brompton United Cricket Club, and furnishing a sweet bite to a few Southdown or other sheep put in occasionally to graze. The weather was favourable, there being no sun- shine, and the temperature moderate. The ground was in excellent order, but not, in our judgment, all that can be desired. One side of the somewhat irregular square, which constitutes the course, which is rather more than a quarter of a mile round, has a running path sufliQiejjtly wide for the short heats, but the paths on the other three sides are too narrow, and prevent a runner who would otherwise be able to pass a rack of men from doing so. There were 11 events on the card, including five heats of 100 yards, and a final heat by the five winners, three prizes; two heats a quarter of a mile, and a. deciding heat by the winners and seconds, three prizes; a half mile heat, two prizes; and a two mile heat, three prizes. There was a large muster of the members of the club and their friends. The races commenced at three o'clock precisely with a Hundred Yards contest, handicap. The two great events of the afternoon, however, were the Two Mile Race, and the finishing Quarter of a Mile heat. Twelve men were entered for the Two Mile Race, of whom six started, and three came in at the finish. Mr. F. Witty won this race in capital style. Various relative changes occurred before the bright blue worn by Mr. Witty was seen creeping to the front; about the fourth round he shot ahead, and was pretty closely followed for a time by Mr. H. L. Johnston. Witty kept increasing the length of his lead, although Johnston evidently did his best to win. The favourite, who never overtook any of the rnnners ahead of him at starting, gave in about the fifth round. Mr. E. G. Boor put on a splendid spurt in the run home, and was gaining rapidly on Johnston, who barely saved the second place, Boor being a capital third. Time, 10 min. 33 sec.-The final heat of the Hundred Yards Race, minns the allowances in handi- capping, was won by Jupp, allowed seven yards; Jenkina second, allowed eight yards; and Emery third, allowed one yard from the scratch. Jupp won by about three-quarters of a yard, and there was about a foot between the second and third. Time, 10 seconds. Colbeck, allowed 18 yards, Catling, allowed 35 yards, Brent, allowed 37 yards, Kerwin, allowed 45 yards, competed in the final heat for the Quarter Mile prizes. Although Colbeck was the universal favourite, it was thought impossible, hea.vily weighted, or distanced, as he was at starting, that he could pick up his men, but he did so one after another in grand style, and ere the straight run home was reached he was at the front, and had things his own way after he got into the broad straight road. This race was run in 52 seconds. The prizes consist of handsome dressing cases, silver cups, tankards, salvers, &o. 
THERE is to be a fancy entertainment at the Vic- toria rink, Montreal, towards the close of the present month. None but those in costume will be allowed to appear on the ice, and masks to be generally dis- allowed. WE hear that Boston can boast of a one legged skater who is quite as extraordinary in his way as Donato. He is said to be a nice young man in his manners-retiring, yet enterprising-and remarkably handsome. The puff preliminary will not affect Eng- land much, but the ice-bound Continentals must look out for a sensation next winter. THE committee of the St. James's Chess Club have completed their arrangements for playing a chess match by electric telegraph between London and Dublin. The London players will meet on Wednesday evening, Feb. 22, at their club-rooms, 20, King-street, St. James's. The wire will be brought into the club- rooms both in London and Dublin. Twelve separate games will be played simultaneously. A SPECIMEN of the quail (Perdrix coturnix) was recently found on the farm of Bowiebank, Banffshire. As the quail is a, migratory species, arriving in this country about April, and departing again in Sep- tember to spend the winter in various parts of Africa and Asia, the finding of this one here in the beginning of February is someiihing rather curious, if not al- together unprecedented. IT is stated that a number of the deer in the park of the Duke of Beaufort at Badminton have been poisoned in a singular manner. There is a large yew tree in the park, the branches of which are some feet from the ground. The late snow bore down the branches until they were within reach of the deer. The animals nibbled the leaves, and between thirty and forty have died, and a number are still suffering from the effects of the poisonous juice of the leaves. THERE are few qualities that captivate the minds of all classes (says the Court Journal) more than affa- bility, and a desire tc mix with the people in their national sports. This feeling is greatly increased when ladies by birth as well as by marriage set the example, and show that patrician descent is not in- compatible with kindliness of manner and courteous behaviour. If we required an illustration of what we have said, we should find it in the person of the Countess of Coventry, who; in her brief stay in Worcestershire, has endeared herself to all, not alone by her attention and sympathy to her poorer brethren, but by her affability to her neighbours and tenants on the broad acres of Crome. Perhaps, however, the charm that has most attracted the yeomen of this highly-favoured county, justly called the garden of England, is the gallant manner in which her ladyship has ridden with the Worcestershire hounds. Of her it may be said, in the words of Walter Scott, slightly altered- o young Lady Blanche is come out of the west, Through all the wide shires" her steed was the best. She staY"d not for bra,be, and she stopp'd not for stone, She charged "yawning brooks" where ford there was none. Tally-ho they are gone-over hedge how they rush The"fair bride of Coventry has borne off the brush.! To descend from poetry, the countess was out with To descend from poetry, the countess was out with the Worcestershire hounds last week, and went so well throughout a brilliant run that she was presented with the brush, and with which, fastened to her saddle, she rode home to Crome, much to her own delight and that of the inhabitants of the hamlets and villages through which she passed. THE dispute between Lord Fitahardinge and Sir Edward Colt on the subject of sporting and the pre- servation of foxes in the neighbourhood of Berkeley has, we and Mirror) are happy to hear, been satisfactorily settled. A MEETING of the representatives of the London boat-clubs, for the purpose of having a general opening day on the Thames an>i other important business, has been held at Radley's Hotel, Bridge-street, when it was resolved that the whole of the metropolitan clubs should open their season on the 25th of March, at Putney, and a sub-committee was formed who should consider other minor details connected with the subject.
The match of the Gentlemen against thg Players was concluded at Lord's-ground a few days since, when the Gentlemen were all put out for 70 runs. They then followed their innings, and the batting was much improved, but the fine bowling of, Jackson and Willsher, combined with the general good fielding of the Players, disposed of them for 116, leaving the Gentlemen the losers by a minority of 60 on the Players' first innings.-A match between the Surrey Club and the County of Essex was played the other day at Kenning- ton-oval, Surrey scoring 135 in the first innings, being 11 behind their opponents. Essex, in their second innings, came out strong in batting, and made a total of 215. With the exception of Mr. Little, who marked 15 in Surrey's second innings, no stand was made, and the score only reached 68, leaving Essex victorious by a large majority.-A match between Nine Gentlemen of Essex and Two professionals, and Eight Gentlemen of Norfolk and Three Professionals, was played on the Old Cricket Ground, at Lakenham, near Norwich; tho Norfolk side, who had the advantage of an additional professional, winning, with one wicket to go down.-The Knickerbockers v. Guildford Club match terminated in the defeat of the Galidford Club in one innings, with 33 runs to spare.-The Government$>, Opposition match came off at Lord's on Saturday, and ended in favour of the Oppositionists by nine wickets, the most notable score being 52 by Colonel Bathurst. ANGLING.-We have never known (says the so bad a fishing-season as the present. From all quarters -north, South, east, and west-the reports are blank; and all blank, Nothing is doing; nothing has been doing. Gentlemen and noblemen, with money in their pockets, willing and able to pay any price (we don't say reasonable price, but any price) for moderately good fishing, have tried the kingdom over-England, Ireland, and Scotland-and all is useless. Nothing can be done; there is no salmon- fishing worth the name anywhere. All cur best men and rods are emigrating ih shoals to Norway and Canada. SHOOTING.-The recent reports from the Moors are most unfavourable. It can no longer be disguised that disease has made sad havoc among the birds. YACHTING. The regatta of the Royal Mersey Yacht Club has just come off. Col. Huey's Osprey took the £100 prize, f and D. Cannon's :Diadem the £70. cup.- The concluding matches for the season of the Royal Thames Yacht Club were held a few days ago, whsrl Mr, S. Lane's Phantom was thewinnet in the first class, and the Oberon in the, second. 
The Waterloo of 1864.-A Loyal Lay. (From the Field.) The sun shone bright o'er Altcar plains Earl Sefton came that day To hail his brethren of the leash, with all their proud array. Right well the noble earl did rein his gallant four-in- hand, While the welkin rang with plaudits to the lord of all the land. There stood the laird of Thorlieshope (prince of all coursers he), With Innocence and Owersby to strive for victory. And there was Ivie Campbell, with the strain of Beacon bold, Whose prowess on these famous plains will oft be proudly told! And Randall came from Worcestershire, Don Felix bore his name, Whose manly brow on many fields has worn the wreath of fame. Lord Binning, young and graceful, too, displayed brave Dónald's power; Lord Grey de Wilton challenged all with David's son Glendoiver. Gregson and Lister both appeared with Roaring Meg and Chloe; From Erin's Isle Lord Lurgan came with son of Sweeny Boy. John Blackstock came from Cumberland, but Bedford could not stay, Nor Jefferson's Imperatrice on the decisive day. John Gibson's Golf struck boldly out to win him envied fame, But Retribution gained the race, and quenched the sporting flame. Ah! why did Oiversby stumble ? he threw the chance away: No better dog contended for the honours of the day. Course after course was over-the people held their breath: The beauteous Innocence was matched with Coquet- dale's King Death! A thrill of expectation was over all the field! Who may contend with such a foe P The maid was forced to yield. Brave Baroit Nicholson came on; but his relentless foe With Border fire consumed his chance, and laid his honours low. Then forth stood Master Siveeny to strive for Lurgan's lord; The Pale King's fire flamed in the van, and Erin's pride was floored. Imperatrice essayed in vain to win the victor's bay; King Death* strode on-the race he won no power could his gainsay. But here comes gallant Rebe ah Raper, slip them well! The final race must now be run; King Death is hard to quell. Swift as the wind, with equal pace they fly across the plain; They reach a drain; a leap-a kill-King Death maintains his reign Ah! who can stand before KING DEATH ? The great alike and small Must yield to him in every race: the Pale King conquers all. The Cup was borne to Coquetdale, the PURSE old Campbell scored; The PLATE, by fav'ring chance, was won by Rain- bow's gallant lord. Long live the patron of the leash, proud Croxteth's noble host! With three times three" we'll honour him whene'er his name we toast. The winner of the Waterloo Cup. A VALUABLE HORsE.-The Paris correspondent of the Daily Telegraph gives the following:-The Em- peror buys most of his horses in England-many of them in Manchester. Lately Baron Fleury was in the latter city, purchasing for the Imperial stud. An animal was brought out fit for a king. Fine breezy stepper, Count," says Mr. Dealer. "Look well in Bois." "An Imperial horse all over, I should say." Count mounts, rides, likes, and then asks the price. Seven hundred to you, Count," is the startling reply. Seven hundred!" exclaims M. Fleury, with the fear of M. Fould before his eves it is awful I" "We think nothing of that figure here," says the dealer. Now here comes Mr. Pods-Pods and Potter-one of our sporting men. Morning, Mr. Pods. Just throw your leg over that 'oss-one of your sort." Monsieur Pods (says Count Fleury, when he tells the story), did throw his leg over him. 'How much?' says he. Seven hundred,' says the dealer. Send him home,' replies Pods, and I lost the horse for his Majesty." 
THE tradesmen of Buxton, in consequence of the small number of visitors at that place, proposed getting up a stag-hunt to attract company. The Duke of Devonshire has given a hind for the purpose of hunting, and it has reached Buxton, where it awaits favourable weather. SKATING is all the rage in New York, and the ponds in Central-park are covered till the park closes at night. The expense of keeping the pond in good con- dition is entirely defrayed by the sale of curls, ban- deaux, and waterfalls, which are swept up by the basketful every morning. A CORRESPONDENT of the Field says:-Perhaps the following extract from a letter, received by the last mail from India, may prove interesting to some of your readers. None of the wolves I have seen or killed in India appeared to me capable of the feat ascribed below. I can, however, vouch for the veracity of the writer's statement" We were in such a state of excitement the last night or two we remained in camp (Jounpore, Dee. ll)-a huge wolf made his ap- pearance in a village about a quarter of a mile from where we were encamped, and carried off a boy about seven years old. There was a cry raised, and E. went in pursuit of the brute; he fired his gun, and the wolf dropped the child and made off; the poor boy was quite dead when found, and one leg had been bitten off- Tn t'b" n, "nliraa enrriecl ms five children. We were not sorry to leave the place yes- terday, as the natives told us there were a great many wolves about. One lair was discovered afad seven cubs found in it. The father of one of the chil- dren who was carried off shot a huge wolf, measuring upwards of six feet in length and big in proportion. E. brought away the skin as a relic." THERE was a full muster of the Crieff Drummond Curling Club on the Ochtertyre ice the other day, to play for a boll of meal to be given by the losing party to the Soup Kitchen. After the rinks were drawn, Captain Gibson, addressing Sir William Eliott-said, as president of the Crieff Drummond Curling Club, he had a very pleasant duty to perform. "In oonsequence, Sir William, of the great interest you have taken in, and the many acts of kindness you have shown to us, since you became a member of the club, we have re- solved to present you with a small token of our re- spect. Allow me, therefore, on the part of the club, to present you with this broom, and to express our united hope that you may be long spared to use it. We regret that you are soon to leave the district, but we hope that you may yet find it convenient occasion- ally to return to Crieff to have a day's pleasure on the ice." Sir William thanked the club very warmly for the present. He was happy to have been able to do anything for the club; it had afforded him much plea- sure in playing amongst them, and he would be de- lighted to come back and spend a day at their favourite game. Three cheers were then given for Lady Eliott, to which Sir William replied. WILD Sw ANs.-These birds-so magnificent in their appearance upon the wing, and whose musical calls resemble the cry of a pack of hounds-well merit the protection of every gentleman who possesses waters capable of attracting them, on their occasional visits, to this country in rigorous weather like the present and no birds woald be more easily induced to make a sojourn of several weeks, as they have repeatedly done at Walton-hall, as we are assured in the works of Mr. Waterton. Had I been acquainted with their con- fiding disposition in the year 1838-9-a very severe winter, when a flock of nine visited the river in the locality from whence I am writing-I would not have committed the folly which I did, of going in pursuit of them with a gun, when, of course, they left the neigh- bourhood. No sooner had I banished them than, on mentioning them to the occupant of a farm on an adjoining estate, he informed me he had seen the flock on his part of the river for several days past, and had repeatedly ridden by at no great distance from them, wondering what variety of large domestic geese they could be, and whence they could have come, but that he never molested them. I now saw the full extent of my own haste and folly, but all too late. As they rose and went off, I never saw a finer ornithological spectacle than their beautiful ivory plumage over the snow and against the intensely blue sky. A week or two afterwards, a solitary hooper appeared on our ground in a smaller stream, quite near to a small hamlet. I offered it hospitality, and no one disturbed it. It remained some time, but was plainly either wounded or sickly, and very likely fell a prey to a fox, though quite able to fly. I should now never think of allowing wild swans to be made objects of persecution here, but would throw oats and barley into the stream above their haunt, for their especial benefit. The utility of such visitants, unless where they appear regularly and in numbers, may truly be said to consist in their great and inherent beauty, when in health and at liberty. Young and keen sportsmen will instinctively take a different view, and the great majority of gunners will follow a flock of hoopers, to procure, if possible, every bird of them. But, nevertheless, there are many gentlemen, like the considerate correspondent from Lough Derg, who will think twice before they fire upon wild swans; and these only are addressed. Some such gentlemen possess fine private waters, which, if a reward were offered to the gamekeepers for leaving all rare birds undisturbed, would be visited regularly by many in- teresting wildfowl. The wild-ducks should be pro- cured on the atubbles, or in the brooks and water- courses of the estate, wherein corn might be thrown to attract them. A gun should never be fired near the lake in the park, which should be reserved as the safe resort and asylum of every aquatic bird. Then would our stubbles and water-courses soon be re- peopled with wild-ducka, teal, &c., and ten times as many obtained for the table as at present. Oar whole ignorance, neglect, and persecution of aquatic wildfowl in England, at this time of day;, is pxbfal and dis- creditable in the extreme: it requires to be thoroughly reformed 
Fifteen of Kent beat the Eleven of England at Lord a few days since, in one innings, with 74 runs to ppare. Eleven gentlemen of the Surrey Club made a long score the other day, at ] £ ennington-oval, when contending with Eleven gentlemen of the Midland Counties. T. A. Raynes, E-q., came out with 116 runs. Surrey scored 385 in one innings, and their opponents 179 in two innings. Y ACHTING.-Dunoon has just been the scene of the Royal Northern Yacht Club Regatta. The first race was for £ 100, Mr. j. Richardson's schooner, Chance, winning. The same yacht also won in another race for £ 50.-The Norfolk and Suffolk Yacht Club came off a few days ago at Wroxliam Broad.-The Hull Regatta will take place this year on the 25th and 26bh inst,, under the auspices of Lord Londesborough and the Royal Yorkshire Yacht Club. ROWING. -The Thames National Regatta has just taken place at Putney. The Champion four-oared race consisted of the Lord Kilmorey crew, G. Hammer ton, j* I'sggi E. Winsbip, and R. Chambers, and R. Clasper, coxswain and the Confidence crew, Richmond, J. Mac- kinney, C. Brown, A. J. Bell, J. M. Mackinney, Edward Mackinney, coxswain. The Lord Kilmorey crew won easily. The pair oared race was decided in favour of R. Chambers and E. Winsbip, of Newcastle.-■ The Eton and Westminster n. B C.'s Eight-oared Match will take place early in August, from Putney to Chiswick. ANGLING.-Tbe recent heavy rains (says a contem- porary) have greatly improved the fishing on the Shannon. Prior to the rain the rapids were very shallow, owing to the long-continued drought, the stones or shelves of small rocks in the bed of the river being in many parts uncovered, which had the effect of scaring away the fish. The yield of trout is, however, now very abundant- thanks to those seasonable mins-and the fish taken are in superb condition. Thames anglers will be glad to hear that there is every reason to believe that the trout in the river have spawned, and the fry-have come to maturity; and also that the sport spinning has been good. GAME -A correspondent of the Field says" Within the last week I have seen three or four hill shepherds from the eastern side of Cheviot; they uniformly agree l'' giving a good account of the sportsman's prospect for the 12; broods are plentiful, and number seven or eight each in many instances. No disease here. The hatching time for black game as well as partridge has beeh good, 1 oung black are not often met with by shepherds prior to the season commencing, being shy and less numerous than grouse. I found the moors wettish, from numerous thunderstorms, though none of them have been suffi- c:ently heavy to injure tbe young broods to any extent; the heather also looks backward and bare from two fre- quent burning." ARCHERY. -A meeting of the Royal Toxophilite bcciety was held on the 1.1th inst., when the members assembled to contend for a prize given by Sydney Strong, Esq., one of the Yice-Presiderts, the target being a willow wand of five feet in length. The prize was awarded for the greatest number of hits on the wand on the York round, and was carried off by II. C. Mules, Esq., who scored 13. J >11 THE SIIERNVOOD Anciiftrts held their first meeting on the, Grove Cricket-ground, Nowark-upon Trent, a few days ago, when there was a large attendance of the I lacl;, principal ladies and gentlemen of the neighbourhood. 
A PIKE of 17jlb. was killed in the Laleham Waters, on the Thames, a few days since, and another of 15 £ lb. at Kingston. The fence months have, however, now commenced. During the last season the anglers have had excellent sport, and from the exertions which are now being made by the Thames Angling Preserva- tion Society to stock the river with fish, there is every prospect of the Thames becoming one of the finest fisheries in the kingdom. AN extraordinary scene was witnessed near Lea- mington a few days ago. The North Warwickshire hounds had met at Stoneleigh Abbey, found a fox in Bericot Wood, and were pursuing it at full cry when they approached the North Western Railway, on which a train was seen coming down the incline from Coventry. The fox immediately crossed the line. The huntsman dismounted and tried to J keep back the hounds as well as induce the engine- driver to slacken his speed, neither of which objects could be accomplished. Such was the keenness of the 1 hounds that they crossed the rails just before the train, which cut off the head of one and the tail of another, without, however, injuring any of the rest of the pack. This unexpected incident in the day's sport was witnessed by Lord Leigh, Mr. Adderley, M.P., and a large number of the gentlemen of the hunt. HER MAJESTY'S STAGHOUNDs.-These hounds re- sumed hunting, after the frost, on Tuesday week at Richings, near West Drayton. A fine young stag, which sallied forth the season before last from Den- ham under the cognomen of The Doctor," was selected for the occasion, and he gave them all a strong dose of his invigorating medicine. The ma- jority were anxious at starting to carry out the Doctor's prescription; its sudorific effects, however, were soon perceptible; especially with those who were not riding upon too much money; their equine powers were sorely taxed; and they were obliged to shut up accordingly with half a dose. The rest of the field went sailing away with their usual sang-froid; no gates were too high or ditches too wide; and they ran from Langley to the Crooked Billet, Iver, over Red- hill, through Black Park to Wexham and Fulmer, right away to Gerrod's-cross over the common to the Three Households, Chalfont, where this gallant stag was brought to bay in an hour and three-quarters. The following Friday an unusually large field met them at Bracknell, when the deer "Richmond" was uncarted, and gave them a fast run of two hours over a fearfully heavy country. He went away over Bill- hill, Hawthorne-hill, to Shottesbrook and White Wal- bham, crossing Maidenhead Thicket to Knowl-hill, and was taken at Hurley Bottom. The veteran Davis t was absent on both occasions from ill-health. King, bhe first whip, who has seen some twenty-eight years in the service, did his work admirably. The Royal Hunt and Chertsey Steeplechase, which is to come off this month, bids fair to be very attractive. ROYAL LONDON YACHT CLUB.-The sailing com- mittee have determined upon the following programme :or the forthcoming season :-Saturday, May 7th, opening trip Monday, May 30th, first-class match, for t piece of plate, value sixty guineas, for the first boat, md £10 for the second. Course, from Erith to the N" ore light and back. Entries to close May 25th. ruesday, June 14th, second and third-class matches. Second class, a piece of plate, value thirty guineas, for ;he first boat, and £ 10 for the second. Course, Erith ;o the Nore Light and back. Third class, a piece of )late, value twenty guineas, for the first boat, and X5 'or the second. Course, from Erith to the Chapman Eead and back. Entries for both races to close Wed- lesday, June 8th. DEATH OF AN OLD SPORTSMAN.-Sam Hibbs is lead. He was doubtless known to many of our -eaders as the able and obliging huntsman connected vith the Suffolk pack, an office which he has held for nore than thirty years. The event was very sudden. t seems that he was out with the hounds, as usual, )n Saturday, when he happened to fall from his horse, md it is supposed by some that the animal either deked or trod upon his left side. He rode again, but vas taken ill on the field, and died shortly after being sonveyed home from apoplexy, brought on by the 'all. AN EQUESTRIAN HEROINE.-A young lady con- lected with the Chester Circus appeared at the meet- ng of the Cheshire hounds last week, mounted on a lomewhat weedy-looking horse. When the fox stole Lway she obtained a good place, went straight a-head liter the hounds, and being in at the death obtained ihe brush. On the same evening the lady and the torse appeared at the Circuf, apparently untired. Oxford and Cambridge Athletic Sports. The inauguration of Oxford and Cambridge sports ;ook place on the new Christ Church Cricket-ground, )xford, on Saturday, in the presence of many housands of spectators, some of whom travelled a ong distance to witness the competition. The meet- ng of the athletes of the universities has been on the apis for a year or two, but it was not until the present iime that it could be held conveniently to all parties. Che programme contained eight events for decision, he competitors being chiefly the successful candi- lates at the recent sports held at Oxford and Cam- )ridge. The result of these encounters had rendered he Cantabs somewhat the favourites, and they were reely backed to carry. off more prizes than Oxford. Che proceedings commenced with the 100 yards flat ace, for which two gentlemen from each university lame to the scratch, viz., Messrs. A. Harrison, Trinity, ind W. T. Wayne, Trinity, on the part of Cambridge, aid B. Darbyshire, Wadham, and H. C. Jollye, Merton, in behalf of Oxford. Darbyshire was the favourite, and vas largely backed, and was the winner by half a yard. Cime, 10seconds. The high jump was the next on the iard, and it afforded a fine display of agility on the lart of the competitors. Oxford were the favourites, as \ir; Gooch, of Merton, had cleared 5ft. 4in., and the ,a Cambridge champion had won with 5 feet 2in. In the umping Osborne failed to clear 5ft. 5in., and Gooch bearing it in fine style was declared the victor. In he quarter mile race Harrison, Trinity, and Thornton, esus, appeared for Cambridge and Darbysbire, Wad- larn, and Heap, of Brasenose, for Oxford. Darby- hire came in a winner by four yards Mr. Harrison econd. Time, 56 seconds. The Oxonians being now redited with three events became very confident, and n the succeeding hurdle race of 120 yards over 12 lights were again freely backed. Cambridge was re- presented by Messrs. A. W. Daniel, Trinity, E. Wynne ^inch, Trinity, and R. Eerrison Oxford, by E. B. ilichell, Magdalen; C. Bill, University; and H. >kelton, Wadham. After a false start, they went ,way in a cluster, but Daniel, Wynne, Finch, and 3ill soon separated themselves from the others, Mr. Daniel's superior style of clearing the hurdles soon mabling him to get the lead, which he continued to he goal, and landed a winner by half a yard, the ame distance separating Mr. Finch (2nd) from Mr. Bill. Skelton and Michell were well up. Time, 171: econds. Long Jump.-Oxford: F. H. Gooch, Mer- on; and J. Davenport, Pembroke. Cambridge: C. 300th, Trinity and W. Wright, Trinity. Cambridge vere very unfortunate, Booth and Wright meeting vith accidents which incapacitated them from the ixertion required on the hard ground, and enabled Mr. Srooch to win the prize, distance, 18 feet; Booth (2nd), .7 feet 4,1 inches. 200 yards Hurdle Race, over 10 lights.-Cambridge: A. W. Daniel, E. Wynne Finch, md Onslow, all of Trinity. - Oxford: H. Skelton, Vadham; C. Bill, University and E. B. Michell. tfagdalen. Cambridge were the favourites. Daniel ook the lead from the onset, closely pressed by iVynne Finch, the former of whom lost the lead after retting over the last hurdle, when Finch running in ihe quickest won a splendid race by a foot, Skelton )eing the same distance behind Daniel. Time, 26f ieconds. The event of the day, the mile race, now same on for decision, and speculation was carried to a freat extent, the Oxonians taking all the odds they sould get. Mr. Lawes, of Trinity, and Mr. P. M. Chornton, of Jesus, were the selected of Cambridge, md Messrs. Hannam, Merton Warman, Balliol; and streeton, Queen's, appeared for Oxford. The course ionsisted of four laps, the start taking place opposite ¡he Pavilion. A fine race took place, and Lawes went .n a winner by four yards. Time, 4 minutes, 56 seconds. k steeplechase of about a mile and a-half over a stiff country, comprising a large brook and some good fences, ■vas the last event on the programme, and brought together five runners, viz., R. E. Webster and°C. Grarnett, both of Trinity, Cambridge; and Grant, Trinity; Wood, Pembroke; and Clive, Balliol, for Oxford. Oxford were favourites, Mr. Grant's running with Mr. Hannam last week having given his friends great confidence. Clive and Wood made the running to the first fence, when Grant went to the front, and carried it on to the brook, which they all cleared in magnificent style. Upon going up the hill Garnett and Webster showed in advance, and continued to lead until the latter, by a mistake at one of his fences, lost his position, thereby enabling Garnett to get a good first, a position he maintained throughout, notwith- standing that Mr. Webster put on an extraordinary spurt about 100 yards from home. Mr. Grant came in third, a long distance behind the Cantabs. The result was received with deafening cheers, as it put the light blue on an equality with Oxford as regards the number of events, both having won four. The winners will be presented with silver medals. We understand that next year Oxford will return the Visit of Cambridge, when no doubt increased interest will attach to the event, which it is hoped will be arranged for the summer term. 
match between the gentlemen of Surrey Club and the gentlemen of South Wales Club wasplaved at Kennington Oval, a few days since. Surrey in this as in many other matches of the season, laid claim to the honours of winnership. South Wales went in first, and scored 98. Surrey went up to 176, In the Welshman's second venture 178 were obtained, many of them hy capi- tal hits. Surrey required 101 to win. This number was effected for the loss of four wickets,-A match has also been played at the Kennington Oval, between the gentle- men of the North and the gentlemen of the South. The latter scored 417 in two innings, against which the North scored only 188.-Although it was understood long ago that the articll s necessary for the complete carrying out of the Australian matches had been signed, sealed, and delivered, a desire has since sprung up among some of the players for the overland route. As a compliance would involve a large increase of expenditure, it became a matter for the Australian committee's consideration. A special messenger is on his way to this country to com- plete arrangements. Surely cricketing is thought some- thing of in the fifth quarter." AKGUNQ.-The salmon season in the South of Ireland appears to have opened under very favouraLle circum- stances, a decided increase of fish being very apparent; and, in seveial instances, the seines, in hauling for sprats and other sea-fish,'have takun both salmon and sea-trout._ Mr. Camroux, of Dial House, Twickenham, while fishing recently in the Thames, caught, with roach tackle, off Petersham Ait, a barbel in fine condition, measuring two feet six inches long, and weighing 101b. GJZ., which he is having preserved. This is the largest fish of the kind which has been taken for many years. YACHTING.-A general-meeting of the Royal Yacht ¡;:¡p"ldrol1 took place a few days ago, when seyeiral new members were elected.-The metropolitan yachting season has been brought to a close by the concluding race of the Prince of Wales Yacht Club. The prizes were a silver cup and cover for the first boat, and a silver cup for the second. Mr. J. H. Hodge's Bessie took the first prize, and Mr. C. G. Gray's Why Not the second.-The Royal Irish Yacht Club Regatta came off last week. Mr. J. H. Johnston's Audax was the winner of a piece of plate, value fiftv guineas. The Osprey, owned by Col. Huey, won theilOO prize. She did the distance of forty-two miles in a little under four hours. Mr. J. W. Camron's Diadem was the winning schooner of the £50 prize given by the Dublin and Wicklow Railway Company. "ROWING.-The club races of the London Rowing Cluh took place the other day over the usual course-from Putney to Hammersmith". Clasper and Eagers' scullers match came off a few days since. Young Clasper's opponent on this occasion "was E. Eagers, of Chelsea, twenty-three years of age, and 9st weight, by whom Clasper has been twice defeated at previous Thames Regattas. The stakes for which they rowed was £100, and the course Putney to Mortlake, They rowed scull and scull for some distance, when Eagers suddenly fouled his opponent. Although virtually over, they resumed the race on getting clear, but again fouled, after which Eagers reached Mortlake first, but Harry Clasper claimed the foul for his son, which was of course allowed. ARCHERY.- The eighteenth annual meeting of the Archers of the United Kingdom has just taken place at Liverpool, The prize list was a long one, the sums to be contended for ranging from X26 to £5. Among the gentlemen, Mr. G. Edwards headed the prize list, followed by Mr. Golightly, Mrs. Atkinson headed the ladies' list, Miss Turner being second. The meeLing was most successful, and gave the greatest satisfaction to all interested. OTTER HUNTING.-Mr. Trdawny's hounds have had some excellent sport this season. They have killed eleven otters, some of which were regular old stagers; and died game. 
On all the extensive range of shooting grounds from Loch Tay to Crieff the reports continue to represent grouse as still improving. On every moor the birds are plentiful, strong, healthy, and wild. On the hilis of Lawers, Glenlednock, Glenturret, Dunira Ardinarlich, Aberuchill, Strowan, Drummond, Edin- ample, and Lochearnside not only grouse but wood-cock partridges, pheasants, and all other kinds of game, are numerous and in fine condition. On the Ochil ran"-e grouse were never rife except on the west end. but'm Strathallan, on the moors of Abercairney., Braco, 'Ardoch, and Cromlix,_ the coveys are numerous,' and partridges! hares, and wild ducks have not been so rife for many year,?. The accounts from the forest continue to be cheer- io- Deer are abundant in all the forests and woods of Strathearn tills seaoou. C I-.IOKET. 1 he County of MKICLLAKAJ^ scored 398 runs in one innings against the Marylebone club and ground at Lord's, the other day. The latter scored 200 in two innings.--111 the match, County of Surrey v. North of England, Lockyer scored G9 in the second inntn^e and Caffyn 98. For the North, in the first innings, Daft 64 runs, Hayward, 66, and Carpenter 62. Surrey won with 98 runs to spare. Jackson made sad havoc with the wickets for All England against Twenty-two of Derby- shire, at Chesterfield, the other day. All England won with seven wickets to fall. A close match has just been played by the Counties of Surrey and Yorkshire, at Shef- field, Yorkshire winning with two wickets to go down. The County of Kent was victorious over the County of Surrey, a few days since, at Tunbridge 'Wells. ASGLING IN LINCOLNSHIRE.-The river Ancholmc, from Bishopsbridge to South Ferriby, was formerly well- stocked with fish, and a favourite resort with anglers. Latterly, however, netting has been carried to a dis- graceful pitch in it, and most unfair ravages have been committed among the iinny tribes. The practice has just been stopped, and an intimation has been published that in future all persons offending will be prosecuted. Com- plaints are made that unauthorised netting is carried on in Brayford pool, Lincoln, to such an extent that seventy stone of fish were recently forwarded to Sheffield on one night- alone. CHESS.-Considerable interest at present prevails in the chess resorts of the metropolis, owing to an unexpected visit from Herr Anderssen, who has just arrived in London. Soon after his arrival he played a few smart off-hand games with Mr. Lowenthal," and with Mr. Kolisch, with varying success; but as these parties were confessedly rather "skittling" and unsteady, a short match was soon arranged by the London Chess Club, between Anderssen and the well known practitioner Koliseli, who has now been resident some time in London, the terms being that the first winner of four games should be declared victor, and entitled to a prize of £10, subscribed by the club. The well-known prowess of both players has invested this trial of skill with the highest interest, which the admirable boldness and accuracy of the play on both sides, in the very first game of the match, has tended no little to enhance. YACHTING.-The annual regatta of the Royal Cork Yacht Club was held at Cork Harbour a few days since. The iEolus, Andax, Pearl, and Osprey were entered for the first prize sailed for-£60, which was won by Mr. A. Cox's Pearl. For the next prize ( £ 45), nine yachts were entered. The Glance, owned by Mr. A. Duncan was the winner of this prize. Nine yachts entered for the chief prize of £100, which was carried away by the G lance. Several other races concluded the regatta, and a ball took place at the Queen's hotel in the evening - The Ocean Yacht Race, which was established last year by the Royal Cork Yacht Club, for a prize of X60 to the first yacht that should arrive from Kingstown at the Club House, Queenstown, in a race against all comers, regardless of size or rig, was won by Colonel Huey's Osprey. SWIMMING MATCH FOR THE CAPTAINSHIP. - This event came off on the 22nd ult. at Mortlake. Stations-, No. 1 (Middlesex side), Mr, Underhill; No. 2, Mr. Ryan; No. 3, Mr. Wallace; No, 4, Mr. Donovan; No. 5, Mr. Southgate; No. 6, Mr. Midwinter. The umpires having administered a paralysing "caution" that they should be called back (no joke against a strong ebb-tide) if they started unfairly, gave the word to go, and, with a simul- saneous impulse, off" they went as one man, in superb style. In half a dozen strokes Donovan and Ryan had taken the lead. The rush of these two through the water was more like two half-starved sharks rushing at their prey than ordinary swimming. The rapidity and great length of Donovan's stroke soon began to tell, and at the half-way bridge'' he was well a-head, and passed the flag-boat some 40 yards in advance of Ryan, who, in hi3 turn, obliged the third man (Underhill) with about as much space. A most spirited struggle took place for the third position between Underhill and Mid- winter-first one a-head and then the other, Underhill gaining by about an arm's length: Wallace 30 yards astern, and Southgate a trifle more. 
SOME sporting enthusiasts, says the Court Joumal, want to get up a celebration of the hundredth year of Eclipse, as he did as much for his country,as a horse as Shakespeare did for his country as an author. ARRANGEMENTS are in progress for a grand golf tournament on the. North Inch, Perth, in the first week of April. A large number of competitors from all parts of Scotland are expected to be present on the j occasion. THE Field goes into the matter of oyster breeding in this week's number, as practised in France, and which it is clear, from the simple and inexpensive nature of the apparatus, might be introduced with success and great profit in many a spot on our shores. DEATH OF A GENUINE SPORTSMAN.-The death of James Maxse, Esq., which took place last week rather suddenly at his house in Grosvenor-street, will be deeply felt in fashionable and sporting circles. Mr. Maxse was formerly a Melton man, when Leicester- shire hunting was in its most palmy days. Although always a heavy man, he managed to see some of the best runs that the Quorn hounds afforded, for he never rode a horse under his weight, and, having the command of money, could always secure an animal with blood and bone. "Maxse on Cognac," a cele- brated hunter, is immortalised in song by Campbell, of Saddell. He was contemporaneous with the Squire, Osbaldeston; Frederick Berkeley, now Lord Fitzhar- dinge Captain White, Sir Bellingham Graham, and the late John Moore, valentine-maker; Standish, and othars well known in Leicestershire. As a shot, Mr. Maxse was forward in the second, if not in the first flight;" and the same coolness, patience, and perse- verance that characterised him when riding a burst of fiva-and-thirty minutes, attended him when, gun in hand, he walked over the stubbles, or through the well-stocked game plantations. Nor did he confine his amusements to terra Jinna;, he was equally good as a yachtsman per mare, as those who remember the Sabrina will bear testimony to. For some years ill health had caused Mr. Maxse to give up his favourite pursuits of hunting and yachting, albeit his great delight was to pass month after month at the Royal Squadron Club House at Cowes, of which he had for years been a member. He was a good judge of horses, and his carriage turn-out and his own riding nags were second to none. He was a kind-hearted man, and his loss will be deeply felt by a large circle of relatives and friends. Mr. Maxse married in 1829 Lady Caroline Berkeley, sister to the present Lord Fitzhardinge. His eldest son, who served with dis- tinction in the Crimea, is now Governor of Heligoland; his second son, of the Royal Navy, the bearer of the celebrated dispatch during the Russian war, has, under a nom de plume, written some prose and poetical works. A gap will be found in the large bay window at Boodle's Club, where Mr. Maxse passed many an hour, which will Rot easily be filled. THE racing season appears to have commenced in earnest. In the midst of snow storms, the Liverpool Races came off on Tuesday and Wednesday. The race- ground was well strewn with straw, which was some relief to pedestrians, but, altogether, both men and horses appeared very miserable. The Grand Steeple Chase was decided on Wednesday, and was won by the favourite, Emblematic; Arbury, a complete out- sider, being second. It was at first stated that the noble owner of the first horse, Lord Coventry, was a winner to the extent of £13,000, but we are now told that £7,000 is something more like the figure that his lordship has pocketed. 
THE fourth monthly competition, for the honour of liolding.the gold champion" badge of the West Middle- sex Rifles, took place last week at Wormwood Scrubs, the conditions of the match being five shots each at the ranges 300, 500, and 600 yards, Wimbledon (1864) targets and scoring. After a most exciting competi- tion, the badge was won by Ensign Garner with the ex- cellent score of 45 marks, the following being the scores of the three highest men: Ensign Garn er, 300 yards, 15; 500 yards, 18; 600 yards, 12: total, 45. Private J. W. Smith, 300 yards, 13; 500 yards, 13; 600 yards, 18; total, 44. Private C. Hall, 300 yards, 11; 500 yards, 16; 600 yards, 15; total, 42. THE progress made in the practice of the noble game of cricket in Australia since the advent of the first English Eleven has been astonishing. Much of this is due, however, to the careful tuition of Charles Lawrence, who remained as "professional" bowler to the Albert Club, and has brought his first eleven into such trim that they have been, but once defeated this season, and that was by the Newtown Club. The new Albert ground, says the Sydney Gazette, is be- coming more and more popular as it becomes more perfect, and a match is arranged to take place be. tween the Alberts and the Melbourne club on this ground in February next, which is regarded with great interest. Other clubs are also endeavouring to rival the Albert, among which perhaps the National and Warwick take first rank, though several of the subur- ban clubs can boast equal excellence. THAMES ANGLING PRESERVATION SOCIETY.-We invite all lovers of the gentle art, says a local paper, to come to the aid of the above society, in carrying out the useful and important objects which it contem- plates. Hitherto the funds of the society have been sufficient for the comparatively limited nature of its operations, although those have embraced a tolerably strict preservation of the river; publishing weekly authentic reports of the state of the fishing at every station throughout the season; and carrying out other matters essential to the comfort and success of the angler. The society now appeals to the angling public for increased funds to enable them to employ wholly- paid keepers in lieu of the present subsidised staff. The committee state that the annual receipts of the society are now .£300, and an additional income of X200 is required. To assist the society the Board of Thames Conservancy have erected fish ladders at Teddington and Moulsey weirB. Nettiag is abolished, and other improvements are contemplated. Fish hatching is carried on at Hampton, and thousands of salmon, trout, and other fish are annually turned into the river. THE Skating Club at St. Petersburg gave last week its grand night ball on the Neva. To the usual splendour of this festival was added a magnificent pavilion, constructed of blocks of ice four feet thick, which, being brilliantly lighted up in the interior, pro- duced the effect of a palace of crystal. THE fishing boats on the south coast have been very successful during the past week in catching mackerel. On Saturday upwards of 30,000 were brought in and sold on the beach at Worthing, realising 14s. per 100. The day before some of the boats took into Shoreham upwards of 30,000. We regret to report tha.t some of the boats sustained some damage by loss of nets one in particular, the Will Watch, lost all her nets, valued at .£200. HER Majesty's stag hounds have had pretty good sport latterly; the pack met at the Horsehoes on Friday, the well-known deer Lily having been selected for the sport. This animal had, on many previous occasions, given some excellent runs, and its prestige was not lost in the present instance, although the rain came down in torrents and the wind amounted almost to a hurricane. The run, which terminated at Farnham Royal, furnished sport for over two hours and a half. 
BLONDIN has been exciting the people in Spain by his high-rope performances. It is universally voted as ex- citing and equal to bull-fighting. From this Englishmen may understand the true value of their recent enthusiasm for Blondin. SINGULAR MATCH,-A curious affair recently came off at Rome. Miss Hosmer, the American sculptress had challenged Mr. Spiers, an English gentleman and the master of the hounds, to ride a steeplechase match. The event came off in the presence of a pretty numerous field of British, American, and sporting Roman spectators. Miss Hosmer rode well, and took all her leaps, stone walls, rails, and hurdles, very pluckily, and led until near the win- ning post, when, Mr. Spier's jockeysbip overcoming his gallantry, he called on his hors?, and came in a winner. THE DUKE OF BEAUFORT'S WOLF-HUNTING.-The Duke of Beaufort's first day's wolf-hunting in Poitou turned oat a failure, for the simple and rather to be expected reason that his well-trained foxhounds took no more notice of a wolf than they would of a donkey, and positively declined to run after it. A very large field, the estimate of which in the local journals varies from 250 to 400, turned out on Easter Tuesday, brimful of expectation, to see the performances of the English lord's pack. After drawing a cover for two hours, a fine wolf was routed out by some native dogs. The pack got a good view of him, but no ballooing could rouse them from their indifference. The huntsman is going to try what can be done in the way of educating the hounds for the new work required of them, by turn- ing out trapped wolves close to their noses. In time he will doubtless succeed. Foxhounds may be made to hunt anything, from a cur dog to a red herring. A great many members of the Jockey Club are going to join the duke, on the chance of sport, as soon as the remaining races cf the Paris spring season are over, Bullier's Cor- respondence says that the duke's hounds will be taught to hunt wolves by being coupled with French dogs ac- customed to that sport. Two MEETS WITH THE CLEVELAND H OUNDS.- W e are indebted to a correspondent of our contemporary the Field for the following graphic account of two great "meets:"-I lately had occasion, he says, to visit the scenes of my boyhood in the picturesque neighbourhood of Cleveland's famous hills and lovely valleys, and, being by nature a sportsman, I seized tbe opportunity of joining two meets with the Cleveland Hounds, when I had such capital sport that I think a short account of the runs will not be unacceptable to your readers. In the first place, let me say a word or two about th'e hounds and the worthy master, Mr. T. P. Andrew. I venture to assert that England's kennels cannot produce sixteen couple of finer working hounds than those of Saltburn-by-the-Sea, nor does there exist in her Majesty's dominions a finer sportsman than Mr. Andrew who, by-the-bye, hunts his own hounds He is a credit- able representative of a good stock; his family, who established tbe pack in 1817s have hunted it ever since; and it is a fact that during the last forty years this pack has killed more foxes than most of their rivals denominated crack." Mr. John Andrew, sen., first assumed the horn; afterwards his son John, father of the present worthy and highly- esteemed master, Thomas Pressick. Long may the hills and dales resound to his silvery voice, and the valleys echo the sound of his horn. The first day we met at the pretty village of Skelton. By half-past ten a large field of the right sort had assembled. A few minutes' grace being given for those who might be coming from a distance, the word of command was given to the whip to move on to the park, one of the coverts adjoining Skelton Castle, the magnificent residence of Mr. J. T, Wharton, who, I am happy to say, is a sincere preserver of foxes, a good rider, and supporter of the hounds. The hounds had been in covert but a few minutes when "an old'un" gave mouth, a full cry almost instan- taneously followed, and a dog fox at once broke covert and darted off to Skelton Crow Wood, thence to Marske Mill, and on to Hob-hill; this appeared almost enough for Master Reynard, but he gathered up all his strength and made another run for life in the direction of Skelton Mill, from thence away to Fanny Bank and ForeriggSa describing a circuit round the magnificent seat of the Earl of Zetland, and traversing (but in no mood to enjoy it, I suspect) some of the grandest hills and love- liest valleys in England or Wales. The hounds were all the while in full music on his track-not a straggler to be seen- and the horsemen keeping splendid com- panionship. Away we went, fox, hounds, and riders at a wonderful pace, to Tocket's Damp, then to Skelton Ellers, next to Airy-hill, and thence to the farmhouse of Mr. Coates, where we saw Reynard crawling tremblingly across' Skelton Castle lawn; he seemed within a few minutes of the end of his existence; he was literally dead beat; the hounds were closing in upon him, and the whipper-in saw a brush nearly in his grasp. It was, however, ordained that, after having given his pursuers a run of an hour, with only one slight check, over breezy hills and through sweetly-scented dales, he should save his excellent legs for a future run-he stumbled into a drain in the nick of time to escape the fate of his race when overtaken by the hounds. In this country foxes are not so scarce as to compel or render it expedient to give up the day's sport after such a misadventure (if misadventure it can, by running to earth," be fairly called) as this; so away master Andrew led us to another covert about two miles off, on a splendid part of the Cleveland range of hills known as the Birk-brow plantation, adjoining Margrove. We started another fox of the right sort, who gave us a splendid run along the crests of several hills, made his way sharply across the valley to Airy-hill, and saved hia bacon by going to ground near Waterfall. Time, thirty minutes. Thus ended the first day's sport. Two days afterwards another meet took place at Cross Keys. The master honoured me with a call at the Buck Hotel, Cuisboro', on his way, when I joined him, mounted upon one of Watson's "straight goers across country." Ataboutaquarter-pasttenwereaehedtbe Cross Keys. A good muster was assembled, among whom I recognised that popular and scientific sportsman Mr. Watson Dixon, with Messrs. Maynard, Newcomen, and several other well-known supporters of the hounds and preservers of foxes. At half-past ten the master gave the signal to the whipper-in, and we quickly reached the Bankside, where the hounds were thrown into covert. A "tally-ho" was soon heard from the hill-top, and here I saw again that somewhat remarkable peculiarity which I had before observed in the Saltburn pack, viz., that these hounds managed their business when once laid on, frequently making their own casts, with little or no aid from master or whipped in. Hold hald! gentlemen," cried Andrew Tate "let the hounds settle to their work." Settle they did, indeed, of their own will and by the light of their own instincts; then away they went en masse, as on Monday, no stragglers, but all literally in a pack, at a tremendous pace, matched in mouth, like bells, Each under each, a cry more tuneable Was ne'er hallo'd to, nor cheered with Horn in Sparte, in Crete, or in Thessaly. Running without a single check through a grand country, a distance close upon seven miles, in 30 minutes, when he ran to ground near the residence of Squire Dixon, after one of the fastest runs I have witnessed for many years, and this, too, when the sun was shining brilliantly. Mr, Dixon then took the command, and led liB to his hospitable mansion, where about half an hour was spent in drawing corks, and not coverts. Man and beast having been here well cared for, and amply refreshed, we went to work again. In a covert hard by we speedily started a fine dog fox he broke away, and gave us two hours' run, as usual, over hill-tops, and along valleys. Towards the end of this run he contrived to reach the lofty point of E -ton Nab lighthouse, where we lost the scent, and Rejmard gave us the slip. Thus ended the second day's sport with these hounds. 
THE INTERNATIONAL HORTICULTURAL EXHIBI- TION of 1866 will take place on the site of the Great Exhibition of 1862, the sanction of her Majesty's First Commissioner of Works having been obtained to apply the central portion of the space opposite the southern entrance to the Horticultural Garden to this purpose. The building which it is proposed to erect i'be Qordeuers* CTvrouicle^ •will an axoa about three acres, which will be laid oufc^ in the form of an ornamental garden, the old-fashioned formal stages and tabling being entirely dispensed with. From this building there will be free access to and from the Horticultural Garden. THE SPAWNING SEASON IN SCOTLAND. - The THE SPAWNING SEASON IN SCOTLAND. - The number of salmon that have as yet ascended this season at Innerleithen has been smaller than for many years. In the early part of the season the fish had no opportunity, from the smallness of the river; but even since the floods came the shoals that have made their way upward have been small. With the floods of last week there have been some now arrivals, and several large fish have been seen lying at the sides of the river, in a sick state but the water has not yet sufficiently subsided to enable anything like a correct estimate of the extent of the arrivals to be formed. Sea trouts have this year been exceedingly scarce. SALMON AND TROUT OVA FOR A USTRALIA.-Ac- tive preparations are being made for the dispatch of another consignment of salmon and trout sva to Aus- tralia and as the management of the affair has been placed in the hands of the gentleman to whose as. siduity, perseverance, and ingenuity the previous suc- cessful experiment was entirely due, we have little fear for the results on this occasion, The quantities, which it is hoped will amount to 100,000 salmon ova, several thousand trout ova, as well as.some charr and salmoa trout, will be dispatched by the Lincolnshire, belonging to Messrs. Wigram and Sons, on board which vessel an ice-house, holding upwards of thirty tons and other requisites for the safe passase of this valuable consignment are being completed. J-ne neces- sary permissions having been obtained, men are already engaged in several parts of the country in pro- curing spawning fish, and we trust that they will suc- ceed in doing so in ample time before the departure of the vessel towards the end of the present montn. ON Saturday evening a special tea party ana soiree was given at tho Egyptian-hall, Piccadilly, by -Lady Chang," the wife of the Fychow Giant, who under- took on the occasion to appear in European costume, as well as in that of his native country. The invita- tion, although written by Chang on behalf of his wife in choice Chinese, being translated into English reads thus: - We have not chin-chinne the good and generous-hearted people of England for now three moons in vain. We have made many friends, and experienced many kindnesses, We deem it now time that we break through the mere outward and cold form of respect, ana offer with our hand the tokens of good wish an a wel- come. The cup of real pure Chinese tea (as to our visitors in our own Eastern home)-forgive the bold- ness of my invitation! King FOG, wife of his hIghness Chang. Woo-Gow.-Egyptain Hall, 1st moon, year 1866. English date." In obedience to this invitation a goodly company assembled, and Madame Chang and her attendants were exceedingly gracious in pouring out into divers little China cups, from equally mae- looking China teapots, small draughts of that beverage which "cheers but not inebriates," and which was ex- pected to be taken in its primitive state (without mil or sugar). The tea party over, the soiree commenced by Madame cordially shaking hands with the guests, a similar mark of respect and cordiality being subsequently paid to each visitor by Chang himself, and the facetious little dwarf Chung Mow." The giant then appearedm European costume, a black surtout coat, vest, and I light-coloured trowsers, with the veritable English hat, and again descended amongst the audience to shake I hands in true John Bull fashion. In this oesturne we thought we detected that weakness at the knee joints which has already been described as existing in his rival "Anak," and which ia generally known as tne defect amongst people of gigantic stature. The lecture was interspersed with some comic Chinese songs, rendered into English by Mr. G. A. Cooper.
Mr. Race's Harriers.-Feb., 1865. Whilst kept close at home by this terrible frost, I will sing of the charms of the chase, And, in doing so, tell of what sport would be lost Were it not for the hounds of George Race. These at" Road Farm are kept, close to Biggles wade boUIldS, an, Which latter would be a dull place Were it not for the neighbouring Cambridgeshire And the still nearer pack of George Race. But the Cambridgeshire often meet so far a-field, That we numerous days must erase „ Per hapless West-siders," who're glad of the yiela From three days a week with George Race. So, many a man, who cross country can go With these harriers, thus shows his face, find3 that the very reverse of "the slow Is tho pace of the hounds of George Race. ■^or they go like the wind, and are hunted right well, And thus you get science and pace; tale which of many a pack you can't tell, Though you may of that owned by George Race. Onlyfiad them a hare, and they'll work out the line," Though toujhy and slight be its trace, •Assisted, at need, by the judgment so fine Qf that excellent huntsman, George Race. Until getting at length on to terms with her hare, ■-They drive her, at rattling pace, ^ight out of her country, and kill, with few there Bat the best of his friends, and George Race. Then ke "breaks her up" deftly, with whoop and ^th cheer: „ .-And t^e man must indeed be 1 an ass J*°> When told that the kennels are now very near, ■Declines the invite of George Race. So, with this pleasant aid, to Road Farm you wend, Where his handmaid, with natural grace, Right quickly looks after her master's chance fri6nd, At the neatly-spread board of George Race; Whilst jolly old "Bob," the field's "portly whip," With cherry and rubicund face, Takes your horse to the stable when off him you slip, As a friend of his master, George Race. Then, having refreshed, you examine the pack, Though feegrimed from the effects of the chase, And find them quite perfect-legs, feet, chest, and back- And worthy the fame of George Race. And, finally, lighting a well-flavoured weed, From out of the master's own case, You vow, as you mount on your well-tended steed, You'll another day have with George Race -Senex in the" FieZd." THE boating season at Eton College has commenced, eight boats' crews rowed to Old Surley and back on the first of the month. Captain of the boats, J. H. Ma,ssop, Esq.; second captain, G. Walpole, Esq.; captain of the senior boats, C. S. Newton, Esq. RACING and boating visitors to Hampton Court will learn with some satisfaction that the inconvenient and unsightly old wooden bridge at this favourite place of resort has been entirely demolished, and a more capacious and elegant structure placed across the river. At present the traffic is entirely stopped, and passengers are ferried over. The new bridge, which is quite eight feet wider than the old one, has arches of an extensive span, and the contract for its construction, was, we are informed, £ 12,000. It will be opened to the public in a fortnight or three weeks. THE American skater, Jackson Haynes, Is still at St. Petersburg. He gave an exhibition of his prowess, the other day, whioli drew him in 1,500 roubles. One of his most daring feats is to lean backwards while skating backwards till his hair touches the ice, and then, without help, recover a perpendicular posi- tion. ON the estates of Ardlemont, on Loch Fyneside, the woodcock-shooting has been unusually good this season, Mr. Allan Gilmour, the lessee, having had excellent sport. In nine days in February he killed 189 cocks, making, with 62 killed at Christmas, 251 cocks up to the 22nd ult. Also at Skipness Castle, on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, the 16th, 17th, and 18th, and on Monday and Wednesday, the 20th and 22nd of February, Mr. W. T. Fraser, and two friends, shot 83 woodcocks, the number each day being as follows Thursday, 11; Friday, 15; Saturday, 10: Monday, 19; and Wednesday, 28. These are exceptionally good bags in a season when the general scarcity of these birds has been complained of. LAST week, as B. H. Hodgson, Esq., was hunting with Lord Fitzhardinge's hounds, while leaping a ditch, the horse slipped, and, unfortunately, just at the moment another horseman came immediately behind him and knocked Mr. Hodgson over, breaking three of his ribs. We are happy to hear, however, that Mr. Hodgson is progressing as favourably as can be expected. THE Oxford and Cambridge boat-race has been fixed for the 8th April. The men are very heavy weights the Cambridge crew weighing, upon the whole, 231b. more than the Oxford crew. It is early yet to give the names, as changes may take place. We hope, if it is possible, and tide will serve, that the match may be rowed in the latter part of the day. ON Friday afternoon the chase with her Majesty s staghounds terminated in a remarkable manner. The meet had taken place at the Warren-house, Binfield, at 11.30 a.m., and was a large one. The deer, "Doctor," well known for its excellent runs, was un- carted, and immediately made its way through the village of Bracknell, to New-lodge, the residence of M. Van de Weyer, the Belgian Minister, and thence to Clewer. The ground was rather heavy from the late rains, but the scent was good and the pace great. Bending its course westward from Clewer, the deer made for the town of Windsor, which it speedily reached, and entering Peascod-street, one of the prin- ciple thoroughfares, it suddenly darted into the shop of Mr. Linnell, butcher to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and thence into the kitchen, where several persons were at dinner. After causing some alarm and a good deal of confusion, the uninvited guest was secured, and removed to one of the cattle pens at the back of the house. 
A sturgeon, measuring 8 ft., and weighing 196 lbs,, has been taken in the Trent, near Torksey..4 1 1 THE SALMON-FISHING on the Conon,'Ross-shire, has I been good, Col. Murray having killed in six days with the J rod forty salmon and grilse, and his brother, Mr. Arthur during the same week,twenty-eight. DEFIt-STALKING IN ARGYLLSHIRE.At Strontian, C Bonaw, recently, the Right Hon. Lord Leigh, of Stone- t i67' fsis.te(J,„b7 his ^ad keeper (George Knigh ), succeeded in killing, after a clever and difficult n^J0r^ ir?.y1al stag wei £ >bing i9 stone. „ OHBSS ~A match has been arranged to be played on r the occasion of the Bristol meeting, by telegraph, be- t tween a circle of players at Bristol and a band of skilful amateurs in London. In a: consultation game, Lord Lyttelton, Capt. Kennedy, and Mr. Lowenthal will play, { at the Bristol Athenamm, against Mr. Mongredian and c tw° other leading members of the London Chess Club the latter gentleman conducting their game at Mr Pies' I Great Chess Divan in the Strang whitheTthe Ses are hl^ ^l6cfcric '^graph Company. Be- I ^L wfiHr8 h ?ng^e several other single-handed i games vill also be played by telegraph during the meet- r L^m«eif at thoWf e+- t **as promised to present f, blindfolded 'tau'tootly? Pl*y" <te° S"1'1 « ARCHERY.-A meeting of the members of the Kildare l Archers Club was held recently near Naas. The following o are the names of the winners: Club prizes-Gentlemen- o 1st prize, for gross score, Hon. H. Hely Hutchinson • 2nd for greatest number of hits, Mr. T 'Ilendrick ^d for J second-best score, Mr. T. de Burgh • 4th for mmt eolSf ?VKdiav n £ dL5tl?1 f?r 1P03t,centrai Sold> Mr- Penthonny p O Kelly. Ladies-1st prize, for gross score, Miss O'Kelly • I 2nd, for greatest number of hits, Miss Brown- 3rd for second-best score; Miss M. O'Kelly; 4th for most ffold= b M, Beauamn; 6th, for most. LtS S°mS ii S Burgh. Open prizes-Gentlemen--1st prize, for gros.' b core, Mn Betham; 2nd for greatest number of hits, ej u J °,r sec°nd-best score, Mr. de b iuu-gh; 4th, for most golds, Mr. R. H. Wall- 5th for most centraLgold, Mr. E. Sayers. M^p^'S £ gross^score Miss Betham; 2nd, for greatest number of 1 hits, Miss Macnamara; ord, for second-best score, Mrs. Sc Macnamara; 4th, for most golds, Miss Brown. « ^fh°nfIT™p77iTa?. rePorts',including such as come from ci South of Tweed, are almost unanimous in reDresentirur the.sportsmans holiday as a most untoward one. So m ^.th of August has rarely been known in h the ^ortli-therain and wind were so severe and so uni- versal that only the hardiest of grouse-shooters could st m0°v' an<* the birds had almost a of mbiJee for the day. From the facts with which our se friends have favoured us, however, we ausur a D-nnri 7 season of sport The birds are represented as string healthy, and wild, and there is yet hope that grouse win ti with care become again as plentiful as ever -Field CRICKET,-At Canterbury the other day a match was m played between the Eleven of England and fourteen of the County of Kent, when the latter won with 54 runs to spare.-The Gentlemen of the North and the Gentle- na men of the South played a match the other day at the ea Trent-bridge Cncket-grouud near Nottingham. The ch fielding of the North was wretchedly bad, and their bat- A Cc ting in the second innings equally so, their score amount- Nt r^g to only 4o, their opponents beating in one innings, ab with 2b to spare. h CRICKET IN ArsxKALIA.-To send 18,000 miles for an Tu eleven of cricketers, pay their expenses, remunerate ha them for los3 of time, treat them hospitably, .and frank them to England again, is a bold undertaking- but it *er has,been entered upon, and will be carried out in its hi! integrity, by the firm which initiated the project, Messrs hel Spiers and Ppud. The governor and the leading people to of Victoria have signified an anxious desire that the All It England Eleven,should visit the antipodes. It is hoped mo re eleven will reach the colony in November, which is his Lac Australian May. They will meet more formidable plo competitors than.in^America; every city.and village has dui its cricket-ground, anctthe game is pursued with intense it i ge ness in all the colonies-Australian and New Zea- tha ktna Gazette. ■. w Wo £ F-HyijTiNG,yiie sportsman.^who has beaten the sta i moors and hills season after season, bagging grouse atw ] £ C(JfPting the hospitalities of the bothie, mayatpresen f.f agreeable change of scene and a novel excitemenl m killing wolves in tbe various parts of France. The other day there was a battue of wolves near Tostes, when uiree wolves were killed-not a great number certainly: but the slaughter has made heroes of the hunters. 01 these heroes, one was M. Beranger, of St. Pierre lèE Elboeuf. He killed the first wolf. Half an hour after- wards a second was started by two hunters, which drew the attention of M. Beranger, their neighbour. The beast deviated from his track, and was fired upon by the hunter, who had just knocked over his brother. The wounded wolf was dispatched an hour afterwards by M. Aubry, a forest-keeper. M. Boulenger, of the Louvetien, hit a third, which disappeared, but he was found dead next morning.
This gentlemen's" elub, the younge-t of the metropolitan, had a capita! ii u show up" ot members on Saturday, whiah had been. fixed as their opening day. The men, to the number of, nearly thirty, assembled at Putney, and then manning; an eight and three fours rowed up to Barnes and returned on the ebb tide to Putney, everyone enjoying himself thoroughly. There is considerable improvement in the rowing, and the racing season opens on the 9tkof May with a pair-oared race in gigs. KINGSTON SHOWING Ci.CB.--The gentlemen .of this club contended on Saturday amongst themselves in a four-oared race. The following was the result .of the grand heat :-Ms. Atkinson's crew-A. Mowbray, N. Read, S. Coikran, G. Atkinson, C D. Hodgson (cos.), 1. Mr. Bell's crew-J. A. Browne, L. L. Woodhouse, W. Gibbons, T. Bell, J. Walton (cox.), 0. THE MOORS .OF PERTHSHIRE.-HateliiNg has com- menced on many of the runs in this shire under favour- able circumstances. The stock of birds is generally good, and in superior condition. Gamekeepers and shepherds who have recently visited the hills report that there is an exceilent appearance of tests, and that they have seen eggs in some of the earlier ones. The deer in the forests, owing to the mild winter and early spring, are unusually strong and healthy. RIFLE SHOOTING EXTRAGBDINARY.-Lord Blciio, who has been at Gosford for a short time, was firing on Thurs- day last at 900 yards, and it is not probable that a higher score has yet been made at the same distance. In ten shots his lordship made six bull's-eyes and four centres. At the same distance with 20 shots, he made eight bull's-eyes, ten centres and two outers. His lord- ship fired in a sitting position, with a Whitworth rifle, j and used the common cylindrical bullet. CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE THAMES.-A meeting was held at Putney on Friday evening for the purpose of making another race for the championship. There was a good muster of rowing men present, including the champion, H. Clasper, Green, and several others. The competitors who have signed articles are R. Chambers (who has maintained the position of champion for four years), and R. A. W. Green, of Sydney, New South Wales. The race is fixed to take place on the 16th of June, from Putney to Mortlake, at two p.m., for a stake of L400 and the championship of the Thames. The first deposit of JE50 a side was staked on Tuesday at Mr. Salter's, Wandsworth the whole of the money must be paid in four deposits. The referee is to be chosen on the day previous to the race, thereby avoiding all unnecessary delay, while the men are ready to start. MEETING OF THE MARYLEBONE CRICKET CLUB.- A general meeting of the members of the Marylebone Cricket Club was held in the pavilion at Lord's Cricket Ground last week, to take into consideration the propo3ed alteration of Laws X. and XXIV. The Earl of Sefton presided and after the hon. secretary (pro tern.) had read the advertisement calling the meeting, Mr. Kynaston, in a very able speech, moved, and Lord Garlies seconded, that the following be. substituted for Law X, The hall must be bowled, if thrown or jerked, or if, on arrival at the crease during the last action of the delivery of the ball, the bowler's hand or arm shall be above his head, the umpire must call 'No ball.' "-Mr. Holland, on behalf, and in the unavoidable absence of "The Member," then moved, and Captain Frederick Marshall seconded, the following amend- ment on Mr. Kynaston's motion:-"The ball must be bowled, not thrown or jerked, and whenever thd bowler shall so closely infringe on this rule in either of the above particulars as to make it difficult for the umpire at the bowler's wicket to judge whether the ball has been delivered "3 fairly and within the trueintent and meaning of this law or not, the umpire shall call 'No ball.-"The Member's" amendment was first put from the chair, and on a show of hands was declared lost.-Mr. Kynaston's motion was then put from the chair and negatived whereupon the noble chairman announced that Rule X. of the Laws of Cricket stands as it did last season.-Mr. Brougham then moved, and the Hon. S. Ponsonby seconded, the follow- ing substitution for Law XXIY. :Or if with .any part of his person he stop the ball which, in the opinion of the umpire at the bowler's end, would have hit the striker's wicket.Upon a show of hands this proposi- tion was unmistakably lost; thereupon Mr. R. Kynaston proposed, ard Mr. Broughton seconded, that the follow- ing be sub3'ituted for Law XXIV." Or if the ball hits any put of his person which, in the opinion of the umpire at the bowler's wicket-, shall have been placed in a straight line from it to the striker's wicket."-This motion was put to the vote and carried. A vote of thanks was then passed to the noble chairman, and the meeting ended. GREAT SCULLERS RACE IN AUSTRALIA.-This exciting rowing match came off on Saturday (says the Melbourne Age) on the four- mile cour&e, between the Slaughter- houses Ferry. and Spotwood's Ferry, Footscray. The competitors were Tom M'Grath, of Sydney, and Fred. Ralph, of Melbourne, the latter being perhaps better known as Ralph of Wandsworth, near London, who pulled the champion sculler Chambers, at Putney, in 1857. The interest which has been evinced for some time in the issue of this contest marvellously increased as the hour for starting drew nearer, and at three o'clock on the eventful afternoon a large crowd of spectatois assembled at Queen's-wharf to witness the departure of the two steamers engaged to convey the backers and friends of the two men to the starting-point. The Express steamer was crammed with M'Grath's admirers, whilst Ralph's circle was accommodated in the Keera, which, by the way, seemed to fear being swamped by her opponent's faster propensities. At a quarter to four the two men took their respective positions in their frail barques," Ralph being on the south and M'Grath on the north side of the river, and a minute later, by mutual consent, they were off," Ralph leading by about a boat's length. On they went, the Victorian still leading, and gaining on his opponent until the first mile and a half was completed, whea it was evident that our man had over-exerted him- self at the start, and would be obliged to slacken. Still, however, he pulled manfully; but the long and easy style of M'Grath gradually, told its tale, and at the bend of the second mile our man was a boat's length in the rear, much to his friends' distnay, 2 to 1 having been laid upon him after starting4 still there was a gleam of hope remaining, until Ralph ran foul of. the bank with his right scull, and then the match was considered to be over. With judgment, however, he struck' out into the middle of the river, and made au effort to regain his former position the distance, however, was too great to be made up in so short-a time: but at the last half-mile Ralph put on a tremendous spurt, and succeeded m coming up within three or four boats' lengths of M'Grath, which proved to the latter the necessity of u-simg a little mere exertion, and this resulted m his passing the flag about three boats' lengths before Ralph, amid the cheers of the passengers by ttie Express. The time occupied in tho match was 29 minutes. Everything was conducted as-such"friendly contests should %e, and, though we have been beacen in the match, yet there is no doubt some other "Victorian will not fear being pitted against the successful Tom M'Grath. The umpires were Punck and Oxlade, Professor Irving acting as referee. OLDENGLTSH SRSRTAND HespiTALiTY.-IlerMaiifSty's staghounds had a lawn meeting on Fiid-ay, thq lTch/at 'Stonor-park, Oxfordshire, the seat of Lord Camoys. True-eld English hospitality was kept up on this occasion, as not only a handsome lunch was served to his lordship's riends and acquaintances, but bread, cheese, and ale were iberally supplied to the huntsmen, whippers-in, yeomen, Ttie meet wa-. grac,(l 1, anH-HarmeM. The meet was graedd by many fair ladies, some on foot, others in carriages, aad on horseback after the refreshment, in which the noble owner-carried out t'ha lines of the old English gentleman- He opened house to all, And though he feasted all the great, Ho ne'er forgot the smalI"- a'deer was uacarted, and gave a-most excellent run. The rumour that the Prince of Wales would be present, 1 caused a g: 09.t number of both se-x« £ to assemble. Their digeppointmeirt was rtatcle up by the urbanity and liberality of the host. SaNGULAa 'IfeiBAK OF -A Fox.--A few days since the Sur-rey foxhounds met at Locksbottom, Farnboreugh. It was anything but a hunting day, But the s'porifar ex- ceeded expectation. In e covert to Crofton-place a brace of foxes were unkennelled. The pack-settled to om of them dog) taking away ovar the roai to Crof- ton. woods, through all the large coverts to 'Bromley Scrubs, turned to his left-cp the fields by the church on Bromley-common, back through the coverts by Locks- bottom, and then through the large woods again to the place where he was first 'found, bu.t it was toe hot to hoM him. Pag again; faeed the open crossing to the London road, leaving Farnborough -to the left, through CowJas-wood to Sir J. L&bbock's, plantation, by Green- street-green, on to Nor stead, where he was pulled down after a run of 'two hours and three-quarters. iEa Lan- ley-park found again, took round the meadows to Brorr.iey station, crossing Mr. Wilkinson's farm, back through Langley^park, skirting the village of Wickham, on his way to Pickets-green, where just before the hounds a sheep dog caursed the fos straight to a lone cottage, and the door being open, in bolted poor pug, clearing at a bownd the firewath a pot on it, and scrambled right up the chimney, where he quickly changed his colour. In about half-an-hour he was got down and killed by the hounds. 
A SWIMMING BATH for ladies has just been opened at Lngnton. FISHING is now in vogue, and lovers of the sport are hurrying away to the fine waters of the Tweed, the Tlty, or the Dee, the Severn above Gloucester, the Wye, or the Teify, or the Towy, in South Wales. Although rather late in the season, some good sport is still looked for. THE SHOOTING SEASON IN FRANCE.-The decrees of the Prefects of Police fix- the commencement of the sbootiEg season for their respective departments at dates varying from the 10th of August to the 7th of Septem- ber. In the department of the Seine it will open on the 1st of September. DEEK-STALKING,-We learn from the deer forests in the West Highlands-at Black Mount, Loch Awe, and Loch Etive-that the prospects for the deer-stalking this season are much better than last year. Owih^ to the luxuriant pasturage in the forests and glens, the deer are n, a very forward state. The fawns are very numerous and healthy. Some fine antlers are expected.- SWIMIIING. W. Woodbridge, the celebrated one- "legged swimmer, recently performed the most extraordi- nary feats in swimming, at the Albion Baths, Kingsland. In t,he course of a grand swimming entertainment, he undressed on the surface of the water, and then performed the most a tonisliiug feats of eating, drinking, and smoking, under the water.' The-three; children of Mr. Beckwith were greeted with thunders of apblause for their wonderful diving, and the different performances they went through under the water. One of them is a girl; seven years of age, and the other two boys, one of whom is five, and the other only three. 1 CKICKET.-The last great match of the season of the Surrey Club, between the counties f Kent and Surrey, was played the other day at Kennington Oval. The display of cricket was splendid on both sides. Kent 1 ultimately achieved a great victory, winning with seven i wickets to go down. It must be admitted, however, that Surrey suffered two very great losses in this match by the absence of two such "crack" players as Julius Caesar and Sewell.-The match between the gentlemen of Marylebone and the gentlemen of Kent, played a few days ago at Canterbury, ended in favour of Marylebone, £ with 64 runs to spare.-The All England Eleven and C Twenty-two of Lincoln met at Lincoln, recently, and I after a contest of three days' duration, All England won | the match, with nine wickets to spare. THE ftfpoiis.- After all that was said in the sporting J papers of the certainty of disappointment on the moors thw( season, and the frightful prevalence of disease, we have no little satisfaction in announcing that the sport § on the the moors-has been quite equal to the average of "j jears, and would have been very much better but ior ttlC fsxoi: ynnng ava nnniswall^ oUvug «ud wild. The weather also was exceedingly unfavourable. ? THE AMATEUR CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE THAMES.- The race for the Wingflald Silver Sculls, from Putney to S Mortlake, has just taken place. The sculls-iror« presented by H. C. Wingfield, Esq., in the year 1830, to be held by 'f the best amateur rower for the time being, on condition of his rowing at half flood tide, from Westminster to Putney, against all challengers, on the 10th of August in every year. The course has been altered, in consequence of the crowded state of the river. The day appointed for row- ing was this year altered, in consequence of. the recent ■> death of Mr. Casamajor, the last holder' of the sculls. The competitors were Messrs. C. Patterson and E. D. Brickwood, of the London Rowing Club, and Mr. Lloyd, of the Leander Club. There were a number of eights and fours afloat. Mr. Brickwood went in a winner by ? two hundred yards, doing the distance in 29min. 59sec., Mr. Patterson being the same distance ahead of Mr. c Lloyd. r A CURIODS BIRD.-Mr. L., Hughes, principal keeper t of the Air Lighthouse, Flintshire, shot in his garden, a a few days ago, a bird bearing evident peculiarities of the P blackbird species, ami of the ordinary size, but most curiously coldured. The head bore a, beautiful plume, about three-quarters of an inch long; the tail and wings were all of a jet black, and the remainder a beautiful flesh colour.
THE fine, pack of hounds belonging to officers of the garrison at Windsor had some excellent sport on Saturday in the neighbourhood of the Royal borough. Several officers were in the field. PRINCE ALFRED intends prosecuting his favourite amusement of rowing as opportunity may occur during his tour in the Mediterranean, and takes with him a little skiff built for his use last summer at Co we 3, with which he has been in the habit of practising on the river at Woolwich. The skiff is on board the Enchantress. MR. B. J. ANGELL, who won the Grand Liverpool Steeplechase, is reported to have netted < £ 20,000; and Mr. Coventry, a cousin of the present Earl of Coventry, formerly in the Guards, who rode the winner, has won < £ 6,000. Gentlemen riders may make the most of the fact that the first and second horses should have been "piloted by military men, Captain Tempest, who ran second, being in the 11th Hussars. Mr Angell bought the winner from Major Womb well. THE Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland went on a shooting excursion last week to the county of Wicklow, accom- panied by the Hon. Mr. Lesson and Mr. Howard. He ) was received at the Bray Station by Lord Powers- croft with a wagonette drawn by four greys, with out- riders, in which they were conveyed to Luggelaw, amid the romantic scenery of which his lordship's shooting lodge is situated.. It is recorded that thirteen bucks fell before the guns of the viceregal party, and that after the sport they enjoyed a dejeaner on the heather. THE second competition in the match for riflemen in Britain, Canada, and India has just been fired. Thirty-one squads signified their intention to com- pete in different parts of the kingdom, being double the number competing in January last. The condi- tions were 800, 900, and 1,000 yards, ten shots at each range, and without "sighting shots;" the winners to be decided by the highest two scores out of four com- petitions, of which the next takes place in April. The best shooting was made in Lancashire, by members of the Altcar and Barton Moss clubs. The follow- ing are the highest scores on this occasion (120 marks being the total possible) :-Captain Heaton, Manchester, 108; Mr. Fletcher, Liverpool, 107; Lieut.- Colonel Halford, Leicester, 106; Mr. Miller, Bristol, 105; Lord Bolton, Boltom Castle, 103; Captain Max- well, Liverpool, 102; Mr. Halsall, Manchester, 99 Mr. E. Cunliffe, Manchester, and Mr. Sprott, Liver- pool, 98; Captain Field, Middlesex, 97; Captain Fenton, Manchester, 96; Mr. Formby, Liverpool, 95. One squad of five Manchester men made 488 marks, or an average of 97 6 per man. The excellence of this shooting (hitherto unequalled anywhere) will be appreciated when it is compared with the average of the Scottish Eight," the victorious squad at Wimble- don last summer, which (reduced to the same crite- rion) was but 79'6 for each competitor. The scores from Canada and India will not be known until later in the season. A FREAK OF NATURE.-The head of a wild doe rabbit, which was caught in a gin on Saturday, at Newchurch, was brought to us (says the Hants Indepen- dent) for inspection. It has two tusks of pure ivory pro- jectiug from the lower jaw, similar to the elephant, but curving inwards and upwards towards the eyes, and these protuberances are an inch and a half in length There are also symptoms of a like exuberant growth in the upper jaw, but the incisors are altogether wanting. How the animal managed to nip its food with such a pair of obstacles right in front of its mouth, we cannot conceive. The owner is about to have the specimen preserved as a natural curiosity. 
As the Empress of the French is the leader of fashion we may expect that shooting will shortly be- come one of the pastimes of the softer sex, for at the Emperor's last shooting party at St. Cloud the Em- press, Princess Metternich, and Viscountess Aquado each took a gun, and knocked over a respectable number of birds. THE Brothers Davenport have added a new figure to the cotillon. A male dancer is placed in a cabinet, built after their fashion, with a small hole in the uppar part of the door. As the ladies walk round each passes her hand inside to the prisoner, who tries to identify the fair owner. If he guesses right, the door is opened, and he claims the lady as his partner. MR. HEAVENS, railway station-master at New- market, has just been presented with a purse contain- ing .£150, subscribed by several noblemen and gentle- men of the Tarf, trainers, jockeys, tradesmen of New- market, and members of the press, as a testimonial of their appreciation of his uniform civility and constant attention to business during the five years ho has held the above situation. SOME of the principal clubs m Paris have deter- mined that all card-playing shall be for ready money, as playing on credit or for honour, by which men are lured on to lose tremendous sums that they cannot pay, has led to distressing results. We presume dis- tressing to the feelings of those who are not paid. A clerk at = £ *50 a year lost £500 on honour the other night. Doubtless, if a question of honour were raised, a duel would result, and then which one would be shot? n- THE death of General Charretie will throw a gloom over the military and sporting circles of which he was a distinguished ornament. From his early youth up to a few months before his decease, a period extending over sixty years, the general was known as a first-rate horseman, a thorough-bred sportsman, and an excel- lent ehot; he was, moreover, an amateur actor of great distinction, and often delighted the audiences I at Cheltenham with his histrionic powers in the highest walks of the tragic drama. General Char- retie was a great friend of the late Earl Fitzhardinge and the Hon. Craven Berkeley, and was a most popu- lar member of society at the Queen of Spas, Chelten- ham. The general was a stanch and warm friend, a hospitable man, and a most cheery companion. WATERLOO CUP GOSSIP. -The Field has the fol- lowing comments on the forthcoming grand Waterloo coursing contestMeg is reported to be doing good work, and likely to show again at Altcar next month. We hear that Mr. Gorton runs Butcher Boy, a promising puppy by Canaradzo, and he, with Har- mony, are gone to Bolton to be trained. We under- stand' that Mr. Clarke's nomination will be re- presented by one of the Knotty Ash kennel. Mr. Bartholomew's nomination came with a rattle early on Wednesday, at Liverpool, and was backed to win a heavy stake. It is rumoured a Shropshire kennel will furnish the representative, but we have an idea a northern dog will be the one on the day. Isaac, although defeated on Thursday for the Member's Cup, at the Altear Club Meeting, will, in all probability, represent Mr. Broeklebank, as he showed great pace and cleverness. Mr. Blanshard, we hear, has a second string in a dark, good-looking puppy, own brother to Ben Barley. Mr. Brundrit, after the running of Bar loch an, at Altcar, will, in all probability, have to rely upon Blaok Top By. Mr. Deigtton and Mr. D, Lloyd are likely to be represented by En Route and Eyes Right. Lord Egiinton has a very promising puppy in Waterloo. Mr. G. Gregson has a fast and clever puppy in Faust, who will most likely run for him. Mr. Haywood, having such good trying tackle, will have every opportunity of knowing Regulus's racing capabilities, and we hear he is a clipper. Mr. J. Jardine will run Cauld Kail; this dog has run extremely well this season, and the party are very sweet. Kitty Malone is reported to be very fit, and will no doubt go for Mr. Knowles. Mr. W. Mather's representative depends upon a trial which is to take place upon an early day. Mr. Randell has given up his nomination to the com- mittee, but we have not heard to whom it has been allotted. Mr. G. W. Stocker's nomination has been strongly supported, and rumour states that Mr. Ingleby's old favourite, Tamar, will represent him. Mr. G. A. Thompson has a strong team of useful greyhounds, and by the forward running of Theatre Royal and Tinkling Tinman at the Altcar Clab Meeting, his dogs are sure to find plenty of friends on the day. Amongst the dogs which we hear are doing well, but whose nominations are not as yet decided upon, are Bonus, Liddington, Priam, Reveller II., Gaudy Poll (doubtful), Jack the Giant-killer, Harker, Johnny Cope, and King Tom. 
urkey Hunting in G-ippsland. 55 m» £ to°t same 011<i '«"< W Cautiols cov, and watchful, of great power of andgrey hound-like speed of foot, the sportsman needs the utmost vigilance, experience, ana readiness they once were in the civilised parts of cms great pountrv; as population extends its empire the aoorigi- n,,] denizens of the forest dwindle in number, and „ to Quarters mora congenial to their tastes and « No creature is more likely to withdraw from Presence o £ man than this inhabitant of the free the Presej* kis comforts and enjoyments seem and open plau grassy space of a wide-spread to depend on^tae of these birds, domain. The wanaeriJ0 c £ untry requisite to their too, speaks t°t^e^e^u :OQany visit some parts of necessities: thev stJi o length of time the country, but rarely remain for any iengun ago I had the pleasure of visiting a friend in the district of Gippsland, Vir X the fortunate possessor of one ot tae that part of the country, consisting chiefly ol r £ tensive, grassy plains, interspersed with park-like clumps of noble box and other trees, remnants of the, ancient Australian forests. The trees were not so oVmndant as to interfere seriously with the motions or fv turkeys, which frequented these attractive evades at tolerably regular intervals. They were & a, j fnr the time I now call to remembrance, loosed „reat gratification, the stockmen, who an „lwM,°0a the look-out for sueh strangers, rlflr,uTh« report one evening that a brood or two of Sfys b,« seea .t no seriou, from the turiteya na to be lost; preparations for homestead. No ume commenced, and arranged the onslaugh of our worthy host (who, to the fuil ext <■ 0f a sportsman) admitted by-the-bye, was forthcoming, and a small SLwZ 3iiSSa »m. gr ™ huLtrf o o and daylight next morning up, as well as a,ew caps ano^ j q £ fixed for our_ depa.ta.e. £ ed tQ =. as may be ^an^oachin,? the wild turkey, Sions on the best mode oi app-odom iimr, and all agreed that the old method o g. or cover of a horse accustomed to the ruae, orn Eg the best, and that there was a mucn better mode nf cicumventing these watchful and suspicious uds. This method was adopted by one of the two parties c,T?5T&i?ed in the sport on the following' day. The VrTwner's gig having been put in requisition, was stock. by two of the party, who had often enjoyed on previous occasions of testing the efiScy of the scheme. Starting from a spot hidden from the si°h.t of the game, whose exact position has been already ascertained and marked, tha vehicle is skilfully steered, so that the sportsmen, although they seem inclined to pass at some distance from the rest- less birds, nevertheless gradually slide nearer to them, until the rapidly-impelled carriage is oronght into^~u vLwof thevictims, whose whole attention is for^the time bound up in fascinated gaze on their enemies. The hint is given at the right moment by the driver to his com- S "ho Loipies a seat oo the bottom of.the e»- legs over the side, soreened from the sight of their quarry, and instantly slips from his seat prepared far his share of the duty, whilst his as- sistant keeps his course without change of pace, holding the attention of the game fully occupied, whilst the sportsman sometimes creeps in upon them afewpacesere they take to wing. This plan of ducted by practised hands, frequently proves suc- cessful. On this occasion three fine turkeys, of twelve to fifteen pounds weight each, were the day. Another of the party sighted a small detach- ment of the birds not more than half amilefrom the homestead, and perceiving that_a slight hollow m t ground, otherwise nearly dead level, led in tile g direction, set out to creep m upon them. y continuing his recumbent, almost snakelike progress, until reaching the marks taken before starting, he cautiously raised his head over the stunted herbage XTKhed the. bank. There the ta*. were hree bulky representatives of their race, but at a distance too great for an ordinary double fowling-piece, loaded with No. 3, to make much impression; and there was nothing for it but patience and the hope that they might change their course and come towards his am- bush. The game, however, came no nearer, and a rush towards the game was only followed by the doubtful pleasure of hearing the shot rattle on their impervious i a a flflw awav, The Australian bird., though no true turkey, on the table fully supplies the nlace of that bird, being aencai-e enoug" relate of an alderman. Its flavour is, perhaps, slightly stronger than that of the turkey, but not more so than to impart to it the distinguishing characteristic only t0HEK° Majesty's pack of staghounds had run of one hour and forty minutes on Friday the fastest this season. The thro w-off whence the chase went towards Brickbridge ana White Waltham, over Shotten-hangers Farm towards Tnnf>h-an-end The stag crossed the Thames near the Great Western Bridge at Maidenhead, and passed over the Bath-road, being finally taken in the vicinity of Two-mile Brook. J^r. Davis, the veteran royal huntsman, now seventy-nine years of age, rode as well as ever. There was a large field. The Sunday Times prophet, under the name or Vaticinator, makes the following comments on the as ever. There was a large field. THE Sunday Times prophet, under the name of Vaticinator, makes the following comments on the weights and chances of horses in the spring handicaps Before making a definite selection, we deem it prudent to await the publication of the acceptances which are promised for Tuesday evening next. This pre- caution is especially necessary in these ti tactics of certain stables are pregnant of ^caption. When the acceptances are to hand we shall throw some useful hints about the Northampton,, Chester, Epsom, Newmarket, and other handicaps just pub- lished. We much question whetner the City and Subur- ban will meet with general approval, for Lord West- moreland's horses are too well in, particularly Brahma, Merry Hart, and Sidewind; nevertheless Archimedes, Kangaroo, Copenhagen, Zambesi, Siberia, Out and Outer, Valiant, Perfumer, Eleanor, Provisor, Cran- ford, Nukuheva, Holstein, Actsea,, Morris Dancer, Alberta, Dubiety, Lochiel, and Effervescence are not badly treated, and there might possibly be a good ,J P L.L'- L i! _e field, after all, as it is a patent lac. tnat lew or ouo Findon favourites are really formidable when the pub- lic expect them to be so. We are sceptical as to the result of the Great Metropolitan handicapping, in which Harry Brailsford gets 161b. more than in the Chester Cup, Ackworth 151b., Sidewind and Auditor 14lb. each, Buckfoot 12lb., Salpmctes and Fidelite 111b. each, Eltham 101b., John Davis 91b., and Pearl Diver 81b.; though it must be borne m mind tha,t Mr. Topham's scale is 5lb. less than that of the admiral s. Still, we prefer the Cestnan imposts to the Surrey ones and have no doubt that the result of the accept- ances and the conflicts will endorse our conclusion as satisfactory. Not that we are partial to the Chester imposts, after all, for where there is only 201b. between the three year olds and Ackworth in that race, we consider the handicap somewhat spoiled, so far as the youngsters (who have hitherto formed prominent feature in the Eoodee contests) are con- cerned for John Day's horse has only 21b. more, to carry than he did when the dirt prevented his winning on the banks of the Dee last anniversary. If Ack- worth can beat Baragah (who ran Ely to a neck in Berkshire) at only 2lb., we should prefer him to Red- cap or the comparatively trurned iooaeJohnDavs, though the suspicious Blithfield and the dangerous Harry Brailsford might ultimately upset the bast calculations of the Danebury patricians. We expect no other than to see Baragah, Ackworth, Mail Train, Pearl Diver, Saladin, Blithfield, Victorious, Salpinct9S, Dalby, Redcap, The Clown, Sandal, Gomera, Valiant, Auditor, The Grinder, The Buck, Lord Zetland, Ghillie Callunt, Harry Brailsford, Chimney Sweep, Don Basilio, Blue Riband, Surney, Helen, the Rather High colt, Alberta (by Trumpeter), William Pitt Fan, Gong, Monitor, and Wolfdog, these' left in next week and of these Blith- S5 Redcap Lord Zetland, Harry Brailsford, and Sey hte?'be^ b»t.d for the most mone, thfa week Of course Solon, Zambesi, and the other early favourites are quite out of the hunt; out « is a pny that their owners should have suffered, as they evi- dently have done, from the premature rushes to get on At present 33 to 1 is laid on the field, but there fs bound to be a great rinrinf? the eiisuinff weelCj at the clo&e o* shall venture to make some definite selection for^he Roodee prize. Touching the Metropolitan, we. y note that Lansdown appears to us to be P^fcl°^r ? well in, though we by no means despise the chances of Tim C/ar Lochiel, and Chimney Sweep. Mail -TrauJ and Valiant are favourably treated for the Great Northamptonshire; and if The Duke and Kmg. of Snowden are in anything like form, theLincolnshire Handicap will be at their mercy umess Wild Bee and Tusculanum are improved more than we suspect them to be As for the Liverpool Grand National, that is best left alone for a time.
THE Brightonians, in their pleasure at getting the volunteers again for the grand review, intend to sub- scribe for some prizes to be shot for at Wimbledon. IT is rumoured in sporting circles that a private racecourse is about to be laid but in Windsor-park, under the especial patronage of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. ON account of his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales's presence in Dublin during the early part of the coming summer, there will not be the usual encampment on the Curragh of Kildare this season. It is therefore expected that there will be an unusu- ally large number of troops assembled in Dublin for the purpose of reviews, &0., which will be a great attraction for those Irish tourists who might not otherwise visit Dublin.. HER MAJESTY'S Btaghounds met at Brick-bridge on Friday, but as the weather was freezing cold, the field was only moderate. The deer was also rather sulky, and at the end of thirty minutes the run termi- nated at Boyn-hill, near Maidenhead. A second deer was offered by the Earl of Bessborough, but few ac- cepted it. This was turned out at Binfield. He gave about an hour's run, and was taken at Bill-hill. On Tuesday there was a large meet at Denham Court, Red Rover being selected for the day's sport, and the field enjoyed an excellent run for about an hour, when the railway and canal interfered with the chase, and at the end of an hour and three-quarters the deer was captured at Nash Mills, near King's Latgley. ON Saturday morning his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, attended by Lieutenant-Colonel Keppel, Equerry in Waiting, arrived at Datchet from Marlborough-house at 11.50, and was met by Prince Alfred, who, attended by Lieutenant Haig, had driven over from the Castle. This was the first meeting of the two princes since Prince Alfred left England for Bonn, and both seemed delighted to see each other, and shook hands most affectionately. Major-General the Hon. A. N. Hood, the master of the prince's harriers, conducted the two princes to the front of the station, whence they rode off through the village to the Riding Court, the residence of Mr. Cantrell, pleasantly situated upon the Duke of Buccleuch's estate, and where the meet was appointed to take place. The field assembled here was, perhaps, the largest ever known to meet the harriers, there being about 150 horsemen and ladies, the company including many members of the principal families of the district, several officers of the Windsor garrison, and a number of farmers. Their Royal Highnesses reached Mr. Cantrell's house at noon, and partook of refreshments in the drawing-room. During the short stay in the drawing-room of the farm-house, a rather amusing incident occurred. Miss Watkins, a niece of Mr. Cantrell, having just been married to Mr. A. Minton, the whole of the lady's wedding gifts were spread upon a table in the room. These attracted their Royal Highnesses' attention, and, having been informed of the lady's marriage, they were requested to taste the wedding-cake, which both the princes did. Their Royal Highnesses shortly afterwards remounted, and, after several good runs, the sport terminated at Chippenham. Prince Alfred returned to Windsor Castle early, but the Prince of Wales remained till the finish, and returned to London by the Great Western Railway. 
IT is stated that Daft, Jackson, and Tinley, the well- known cricketers, decline to undertake the journey to Australia. IN Argyleshire, in which county Lord Leigh has a good tract of country, his lordship succeeded the other day in bringing down a royal stag, weighing nineteen stone without the offal. DEER.-Accounts from the forests report good sport. The deer have not been in such good condition at this season of the year for a long time, and such beautiful heads are rarely to be seen. CRICKET. - The match between Soutbgate and the Surrey Club and Ground was played at Southgate on the fine ground belonging to .Mr. Walker. The- Surrey. Club were no match on this occasion for Southgate, who, with 88 runs to the good," beat them in one innings.- The Gentlemen of Kent and the Gentlemen of Sussex played a match at Tunbridge Wells a few days ago. The Gentlemen of Kent took their innings Srst, and a very fine ope it proved to be, they holding, possession of the wickets nearly the whole day. Mr. Streatfield marked 62, and Mr. Pepys 53. Other good -scores were also made, and the total amounted to-217. When the stumps were drawn for the day Sussex had lost seven wickets for 16 runs. On the next day the match was resumed, and -Sussex, were^ctually disposed of < for the small score of 24. They, were then put in again against the runs, and the batting was much improved upon, Mr. King scoring 42, but the total of the innings was 150; conse- quenjly Kent were victorious in one innings, with 43 runs over. IM :SwiMSUN<i.-^Profefsor Beckiwith, the celebrated swim- mer and teacher .at the Lambeth Baths, gave.various prizes to be contested for a few days since at the Ser- pentina, to promote the useful art" of swimming. The entries for the prizes (which were paid for t>y subscription) were very numerous,and well contested; after which, the professor: swam across .the Serpentine with his hands and legs tied. Mr. Woodbridge also went through various astonishing feats. Much amusement was created by Messrs. Stevenson and Humphris swimming across the river in full dress as man and wife, the lady with a parasol, her husband enjoying his pipe. IsLEOt- MAN REGATTA.-The Douglas Bay Regatta took place recently under the patronage of the Lieutenant- Governor. The weather was ail that could be desired, and there was a great concourse of people to witness the aquatic sports. The Welcome Cup, value = £ 10, for I yachts not exceeding 15 tons o.m. (time race, three to start or no race), was won by the Violet, H. Bridson, Esq., owner; Fanny, Mr. Curphey, being second, and Sea Flower, Captain Burford, third. The Ladies' Purse of < £ 20, open to the world, for four-oared boats not exceeding 30 feet keel, was won by the Casique,'Mr. W. Quiggin, owner; Willie, Mr. Quirk, being second, and White Squall, Mr. Curphey, third. Contests for minor prizes also took place. 
A DREADFUL accident occurred at Abergavenny last week, to the steeple-chase mare, Miss Mowbray, while running in a match with a horse called Mr. Jem Walker. Soon after starting the mare got staked, her intestines actually protruded, and it was with some difficnlty she was extricated. Her rider, Captain Barry, escaped unhurt. THE weather on Sunday, at Vincennes, says Galig- nani, was showery, and the attendance smaller than on the first day of the meeting. The company, however, if less numerous, was more select, and the running for the Great Vincennes Handicap imparted much interest to Monday's business, and gave rise to considerable betting. The Emperor and Empress arrived early, in an open carriage, attended by Colonel Reille, with whom his Majesty afterwards walked about the inclosure. Prince Murat and General Fleury also joined the Imperial party in the Emperor's pavilion. The Prix de la Ferme, which was the first event on the card, was carried off, as was expected, by one of M. Forci- nal's celebrated half-breds-as much as 4 to 1 being laid in their favour, and 2 to 1 on their coming in first and second. The winner was Young Mastrillo, who thus re- peated his victory of Monday last. The great event which followed brought out a field of ten, including nearly every steeple chase celebrity in France, with several horses of merit from England. Auricula, which won the two great events at the same meeting and over the same course, in autumn last, was the favourite. The heavy weight which he carried as a penalty for his previous successes told on him, and he was beaten at the last mile by an English horse, Pineapple, to which he gave 20ib. He was the winner of the Great Steeple Chase Handicap at Lincoln, in spring last, and afterwards second to Emblem at Cheltenham. The present race was one of the best contested steeple ohases ever witnessed. AN OLD FOXHUNTEK IN A FIX.-Â singular en- counter took place a few days since on the footpath leading across Ballachulish Glen to Glencreven. The old veteran, Dan M'Coll, a few days after giving in his resignation as foxhunter, was returning home one evening from the Ballachulish Stone, when he came up to an unusually large deer, which had evidently been chased and scared by shepherds' dogs. The animal manifested signs of a pugnacious disposition, and as Dan had no weapon of defence save a small slender cane, he, with a prudent regard for his own safety, took to his heels, followed by the deer. Dan made for a tree close by him, and speedily made his way up with wonderful agility. The deer, however, was not to be so easily baffled. Setting to work in right earnest, he dug all around the tree with his feet and antlers, smelling and snuffing at his prisoner, endeavouring with much sagacity and perseverance to reach him, provoking thereby the most grievous ap- prehension in the mind of the perplexed object of his fury. Dan's anxiety was protracted nearly two hours, when at length he spied a party of wayfaring travel- lers moving down the ridge of the hill, to whom he shouted desperately for assistance. His cries were heard, and the party immediately repaired to his aid, when the deer was beaten off towards Benvaarhill, and poor Dan delivered from the perilous plight. 
A pike weighing 291bs., three feet eight inches in length, and one foot eleven inches in girth, was caught a few days ago in one of the lakes near Belvoir Castle by the Duke of Rutland's fisherman. THE Quorn hounds, under the leadership of Captain Clowes, the worthy master, ehased a fcx, the'other day, into the neighbourhood of Nether Broughton. On arriving at a certain wheat field, belonging to a farmer named Brett, the M. F. H. and his supports were somewhat surprised to find their passage interfered with. The impediment offered to the hounds and field was no less than a body of peasants armed with stioks and bludgeons, and commanded by Mr. Brett, who intimated pretty plainly that he did not mean to have his wheat destroyed. The eccentric-looking little army under his direction proceeded to keep both dogs and huntsmen from entering the field, and a parley being demanded, Captain Clowes gave up the chase, the scent bfiinw broken off. Children remarkable for their powers of calcula- tion have been exhibited at different times in this country, but there is one about to visit England, aged seven, whose skill seems to transcend what has been as yet met with. He was examined a short time back, in the presence of more than 400 people at Palermo, when the readiness with which he replied to many complicated questions created universal astonishment. THE A&RicuLTUBAL. HALL. -Brilliantly lighted by thousands of jets of gas arranged in all sorts of fanciful designs, with a length so vast that the per- spective almost recalls the wonderful pictures of Martin, and crowded with a surging mass of human beings, is for its own sake worthy of a visit, and con- stitutes one of the most truly remarkable among the many sights of London. Mr. Rudkin has, however, provided at the hall attractions which, varied from night to night, seem to increase in popularity, and collect crowds by which powers of accommodation so vast even as those of the Agricultural-hall are tested. Visiting these amusements on an evening of the past week, which we regret to see is the last of the management, we were struck with the prodigality dis- played in the matter of amusements. In addition to the great tournament-in itself an affair of great solendour and attractiveness, and one in which we are told, and may well believe, performers, suits of armour, and horses are numbered by hundreds-a score other features of almost equal interest are provided. The more re- markable among these are the following:-A little sylph, who with uncommon agility trips upon the tight rope with no aid of pole or balance of any kind; Mdlle. Rose Rossetti's flying acts of equitation and the equestrian trick acts of Herr Goldschmidt; Mr. Ginnett's clear jump of twenty-two feet, and the mar- vellous number of consecutive summersaults (fifty-two the night we were there) taken by Mr. Barnes; the performance of Jean Bond on the magic ladder, and the displays of intelligence nightly afforded by the well-trained animals Kepitoke and Tancred. Besides these there were chariot races, and hurdle races, steeple chase, comio scenes between the clowns, and all customary amusements of the circus. The performance was far the benefit of Mr. Rudkin, the proprietor. 
THE Cornish fishermen and seine-owners have every encouragement to anticipate that the present season will prove eveir more profitable than the productive season of 1863. Last week many good catches were made, and prices have gone down in consequence. On Thursday the Mount's Bay boats sent per rail sixty tons, or 2,400 baskets, containing about 144,000 fish. Prices averaged from 14s. to 15s. per 100. A large quantity has been retailed throughout the county at five, six, and seven for Is;" the quality is generally very fine. A CONVICTION for selling live game out of season has just been made at IxwOrth Petty Sessions, in the case of a Mr. Robert Mountain, who was charged with having in his possession eight pheasants, seized by the police in their passage by railway to Mr. Phillip Castang, of Leaden hall Market. The pheasants were produced and proved to be to all appearance wild; and the justices, after hearing the evidence of Mr. Mountain's witnesses, convicted him in the full penalty, with costs, amounting to < £ 9 5s., involving also the loss of his licence. IT will be remembered that Mr. Thomas Parr sold his horse Glendusk to the Marquis of Hastings, last week at Epsom, for 3,000 guineas; but upon his being transferred to Mr. J. Day, his lordship's trainer, suspicions were entertained that he was unsound. This belief being confirmed upon examination, he was returned, but the Marquis, in the most handsome manner, presented Mr. Parr with a douceur of 200 sovs. IT is proposed to hold a small bore-rifle match at Cambridge next June. It is to be confined to the thirty best shots in the United Kingdom, who will be invited to stay at the University for the two days of the match. A dinner will be given to them in a col. lege hall on each day, and a silver cup, to be called the Cambridge Cup, will be offered for competition. In order to defray the expenses, a committee of both effective and honorary members of the University corps is to be formed, each member to subscribe the sum of .£3. The following is a list of the thirty com- petitors. Those marked with an asterisk have been already communicated with, and have expressed their willingness to be present. Those marked t are mem- bers of the committee. The Earl of Aberdeen, the Earl Spencer, *the Earl Grosvenor, the Marquis of Abereorn, *the Lord Wharncliffe, *the Lord Bolton, the Lord Ducie, *the Lord Bury, 'the Lord Elcho, the Lord Fielding, the Master of Lovat, ffche Hon. C. Lyttelton, tthe Horn W. O. Powlett, -Colonel Halford, fLieut.-Colonel'Baker,'C.U.v.j Major Evans, ¡ *Captain Horatio Ross, f Captain Edward Ross, Heaton, *Hercules Grey Ross, Esq., ""lVI. F. Halliday, Esq., 'Norma.n Straton, Esq., George Grant Peterkin, Esq., tJames Grant Peterkin, Esq., fH. Doe, Esa., - Mitchell, Esq., Martin Smith Esq., Claude Pell, Esq., A. Salvin, Esq., and - Martin, Esq. The ob- ject of the match is the formation of a Cambridge Long Range Club," to hold a meeting annually at Cambridge for a friendly riiie match. THERE are some seasonable field days in prospect for our Volunteers, calculated to produce more pleasing reminiscences than the review of Easter Monday, when, owing to the nature of the ground, the fatigues of the day were anything but agreeable. Earl Cowper has notified his intention of repeating the invitation of Whit-Monday, 1863, to the metropolitan Volunteers and those of the county of Hertford to a field day in Panshanger-park and a renewal of the hospitalities which took place on that occasion, and the Great Northern Railway Company will, it is to be expected, provide more suitable accommodation, so that a pleasant day may be anticipated; while the Duke of Buckingham has the permission of the War-office authorities to assemble a much larger force in Stowe- park on the 22nd of June, and invites the Middlesex regiments together with those of the adjoining coun- ties. The North-Western Railway Company has un- dertaken to convoy Volunteers to and from the town of Buckingham for the nominal charge of one shilling and sixpence where the distance does not exceed fifty miles, and from the station to the park the march is less than two miles. In order that ample time may be had for arrangements, it is requested that com- manding officers intending to comply with his Grace's invitation will forward their replies by Wednesday next, the 20th inst. 
A "'MATCH has bs<2s arranged between James Mac&, of Norwich, the pugilistic champion, and Joseph Gross, of Northampton, in which thsy agree to fight for the champion's belt end a stake of £ 200 a-aide, in the J week" intervening between next Ep?om and Ascot i races, at some Spot within 100 miles o? London. The races, at some spot within 100 miles of London. The articles were drawn up in London and forwarded to Scotland, where Macs, is staying at present, for Ms signature. A EATCE, wtieh. excited considerable interest among the elite of the trotting world, in which Mr. Wright undertook to drive his mare Peggy sixteen miles within an hour for < £ 50 a-side, was decided over four miles of level road near Croydon last week. Pre- liminaries arranged, the start was made at a strong pace, the rnare sailed over two miles in eight minutes and four seconds, and turned four miles in sixteen nannies and two seconds, and made back to the starting point, which was reached in fifteen minutes and six seconds, and completed half the distance (eight miles) in thirty-one minutes and eight seconds, and again started quite fresh on her journey, finishing the next four miles 'in fourteen minutes and thirty seconds, and turned for the goal. The mare was now pulling hard at'the reins, and her driver, who had judiciously re- served the mare for the finish, gave Peggy her head, and she knocked off the next three miles in ten minutes and thirty-one seconds, and having nearly four minutes for the last mile the driver considered winning a perfect moral." brought his mare in at her ease, and won by nineteen seconds, accomplishing sixteen miles'of road is. fifty-nine minutes and forty- one seconds. AN old sportsman, writes as follows from Aus- tralia:-" I was engaged, in company with a friend, inmy garden, hen my attention was attracted to a little bitch of G mine, by name TOPBY, who made for the brink of a cu ting some ten or twelve feet deep. Upon look- ing' down I saw a cormorant in the water. My little dog showing great anxiety I encouraged her, when, after finding a convenient place to descend, she at once to ok the water, and made for the bird. Upon ap- proaching it the bird at once dived; Topsy vainly lookb g- for it. At long-sh it rose, and the bitch again made for it, when down goes the bird again. This was repeated some ten or a dozen times, when at length the bird came up stem on to the bitch, to about a foot from her h ead. The little canine at once anaped at the bird, but missed, receiving in return for her attempt a very smart blow straight between the eyes, attempt a, very smart blow straight between the eyes, J which so astonished her that she turned tail and made for the shore, the bird, ad interim, having gone to the depths below. But no sooner did Topsy catch sight of it than in she was again, and the same diving and sinking continued as before. At length the bird rose close to the bitch, but, as before, she failed in her kind intentions. Bat not so the cormorant. Ee seized the little animal by the side of the ear, and thrast j her head under water, and dived witb her, as near as I can judge, to the depth of a, foot or eighteen inches. This he repeated three times, my little Topsy appear- ¡ ing, as I fancied, half drowned. I was about to rush, to the rescue, when I stayed my interference upon observing she had seized the cormorant by the pinion. And now began the tug of war. Round and round thev went like a teetotum, now this way, now that, the* bitch trying all she knew to get the bird to the shere, and the "bird as kaowingly trying to avoid it, but unable to dive, the bitch sticking to her like Tom shere, and the "bird as kaowingly trying to avoid it, but unable to dive, the bitch sticking to her like Tom Sayers did to Heenan. How vou could see the bitch was getting the best of it: in spite of all the bird aould do she was gradually and nearly approaching the shore. At length, having descended, I took the bird by the neck, and so exhausted was it, that it died in my hand without a struggle; Topsy also was much spent. The combat lasted, as nearly as I can judge, a. good half hour. The bird was weighed by a store- keeper immediately after, and weighed four pounds less an ounce; Topsy weighs ten pounds and a, half. I must state, as my friend and I stood directly above the combatants, we could distinctly see every motion. Neither bird nor dog' ever let go their hold after once taken. The breed of Topsy-da,m Skye terrier; sire not known.
THE first great event of the season as far as the turf is concerned was decided on Tuesday. The 2,000 Guineas was won by Lord Lyons, the favourite, and Monarch of the Glen, against whom almost any price could be obtained for a situation," was second. ON Saturday morning a scullers' match came off between G. Haggard and W. Moon, distance from Putney to Mortlake for £10 aside. Up to Hammer- smith a good race ensued, the men being scull and scull nearly the whole of the way, when Moon drew himself ahead, and from thence to the goal. He con- tinued to improve his position, ultimately reaching the winning post, Mortlake, about ten boats' length in advance of his opponent. LORD ELCHO, as President of the Council of the National Rifle Association, has formally invited the Belgian Riflemen to the next meeting at Wimbledon, at the same time thanking the members of the Belgian Tir National for the friendly reception given by them to the English Volunteers who contended for the Belgian prizes in 1864 and 1865. HARRY GuiMSHAw, an English jockey, rode Gla- diateur, it may be remembered, when that French horse won the Derby. Grimshaw lately married the daughter of a famous, trainer at Newmarket. Charivari, the French Punch, imitating the slang of the turf, says that the produce" has been engaged to ride future winners. MR. CHARLES DICKENS commenced a new series of his popular readings at the Hanover-square Rooms, on Tuesday evening last. The works selected for the occasion were "Dr. Marigold's Prescriptions" and the "Party at Mr. Bob Sawyer's" from the "Pickwick Papers." These were read with all the accomplished author's usual clearness, force, and humour, and were listened to with the most unflagging attention by a very numerous audience. AT the Egyptian.hall, Mr. Arthur Sketchley con- tinues to recount the adventures of his old friend, Mrs. Brown at Home and Abroad, with unabated success every evening. The laughter and applause of approving crowds testify an interest in every fresh ad- venture of the said Mrs. Brown, who, whether at home or abroad, is always the victim of unmerited suffering. ATHLETIC SPORTS.-A conference of delegates from mechanics' institutions, working men's clubs, and young men's societies, was convened by the Metro- politan Adult Education Association, and held at the Society of Arts, to take into consideration the arrange- ments for athletic sports at the Crystal Palace in June. Sir F. R. Sandford presided, and after express- ing his pleasure at the large attendance at the con- ference stated, on behalf of the committee, the warm interest they felt in the physical education of the members of institutions in union with the association. He would request Mr. H. H. Sales, their secretary, to introduce the subjects for discussion. Mr. Sales, after describing the origin of the annual fete in 1864, and the great success that attended it, and also that of last year, noticed in detail the arrangements hitherto made and the alterations proposed. In the sports, it was sug- gested a wider distinction between urban and subur- ban societies should be made, so as to put competitors on a more equal footing. The judges had hitherto been professional men, but it had been thought advisable to retain the services of military men. In consequence of the small number of entries for the band contest, he suggested its discontinuance. At the first fite, an open-air concert of 800 voices was given, but the result was so unsatisfactory that it was not renewed. This year an in-door concert on a large scale was proposed. The other details of the fite, suuh as the balloon ascent, entertainments by profes- sional gymnasts (under the direction of Mr. Nelson Lee), distribution of prizes, and other matters, would not need discussion. Captain Macgregor did not approve of military judges, as equally efficient men could be obtained from the ranks of the volun- teers. He strongly urged the encouragement of those sports that did not require much space, so that mem- bers need not go from their institutions to practice. A rowing match, he considered, would not only be attractive but profitable. The delegate of the Duck- lane Club said that although he was charged to make sundry objections, he was first instructed to express the great satisfaction of his club at the way in which the affairs of preceding fetes had been managed by the officers of the association. He urged most strongly a more equitable competition in the sports, so that the old men might have a chance. He was turned 50 and could not run a mile race, but he chal- lenged any other man not younger to a 300 yards' spin, and hoped there would be something this year for men between 50 and 90. The delegate from Greville-house Institution suggested larger prizes in some events. The delegates from the West London Youths' Institute hoped that silver medals and cups would be substituted for money prizes. Ultimately, on the motion of the delegate from the London Mechanics' Institution, seconded by the delegate from the Stormout-house Club, it was resolved to appoint a sports oommittee, to consist of a delegate from each institution. At the conclusion of the conference a selection of glees and part songs were sung by a choir consisting of members of various societies, under the able direction of the Rev. G. B. Maeilwain. Sir F. R. Sandford thanked the conductor and choir, especially Mr. Heller, who had so carefully trained the greatest number, for their efficient and pleasing services; and, on the motion of the Rev. C. Jacob, a cordial vote of thanks was given to the chairman.
Six pigeons were recently let loose at Northampton at forty-five minutes past six a.m., and arrived at Denton, five of them at fifty minutes past eight, the remaining one in two hours after. The distance is over 120 miles. CRICKET IN FRANCE.-The cricket club recently formed at Lyons under the honorary presidency of M. Vaisse, Senator, numbers 140 members, of whom 42 are English, 92 French, and 6 Germans. The com- mittee of management is composed of 24 members, 9 of whom are English, 9 French, and 6 Germans. THERE has been some dromedary racing at Marys- ville, California. Five animals" ran." No watch was slow enough to time," them, and they did their mile in somewhere about a couple of hours, the winner being that one which stuck his neck out farthest on arriving at the judge's post. FROM all parts of Scotland the grouse are reported to be doing well, and more numerous than they have been for years. The following letter from a game- keeper in the Highlands will be read with interest:- "Der Sir,-I receved youre letter, and I am vere glead to see by it that yow ar in good health. Yow want to know about the grouis, the grouis is vere plentey this yeare, so as fare as I can see ther is none dead with the snow. I have treavled overe may beate for dayes after the sno lukkwing if I culd find aney deade youing grouis, but I did not finde aney, but I did not find so maney youing grouis this 3 yeares is I have don this yeare, so, Der Sir, yow may expece to get good sport this yeare. so I telle yow, Der Sir, the truth. as far as I can see the snow did verre little harem. So I hop this will fine yow in good health, as it leaves me in the sam. No mor, while remain your truiley. "I JOHN FRAZER. Mr. Esqnr., London. "Excuse may writte, Der Sir. Juin the 20, 1864." THE Scotch merchants connected with Newfound- land fisheries continue to receive most unfavourable accounts of the produce of this season's seal-fishing. The most recent reports circulated state that of 300 vessels composing the fleet of fishermen which went to the ice, 140 are known to be fast in the pack of ice in Green Ba.y, and even that number does not cover the whole of the fleet which continues to be imprisoned in the pack when last heard of- most of them without seals. The entire take of the season is thought to be under 40,000-no more than the tenth or twelfth part of an ordinary fishing. These unfortunate men must, u under the usual effects of the season, be speadily re- leased from their exceedingly irksome situation, as the ice generally disappears toward the end of this month. But the consequence of the failure must inflict sad misery on the families of these truly unfortunate fisher- men, the most persevering of their race, and on their families. It is to be hoped that they will meet with sympathy from those who are able to aid the deserving necessitous. THE sailing barge match is creating a zest, stimulus, and emulation not only among owners of barges, but also among skippers and hands. The time is now fast approaching, and the alluriug bill of fare held out will, no doubt, on the closing of the entries, show that the exertions of the promoters of the scheme have been altogether successful. Besides handsome and valuable pieces of plate for the owners of the barges, there are full purses for the skippers and crew of the craft, and with such a stimulus as is usually excited in the breasts of this class of men at the hope of enriching them- selves, we may expect that every man will do his best to carry off the prize. The entries for both classes, stump and topsail barges, are now hourly arriving, and many more are expected before they close, at the Harp, Harp-lane, Tower-street, on Monday, July 11, the race itself taking place on the 15th, from Erith to Chapman and return. There will be no time allowance in the stump barge class, but in the topsail class half a minute, barges under 70 tons to reckon as 70. The affair is under the able management of the sailing committee of the Prince of Wales's Yacht Club. YORKSHIRE IN THE NINETEENTH CENTURY.-No event coming under the designation of "sporting" ever caused more excitement in Leeds and the surrounding district than a race between two cele- brated trotting horses, which took place recently. One of the animals engaged is a horse nineteen years old, called Jack Rossiter," which belongs to Mr. W. Green, son of the proprietor of the Smithfield Iron- works. Leeds, and the other was a mare called Matchless," the property of Mr. John Robson, of the Talbot Inn, Brig-gate, in the same town. The mare has performed various rare feats of speed and endurance in trotting matches, and originally belonged to Mr. Jones, of Spofforth. She had been specially purchased in order to deprive Jack Rossiter" of the prestige which he had acquired in this locality. The match was for £ 50 a side, and the distance to be run was fifty miles for the horse and 500 yards less for the mare. The starting point was the Scotch corner in Leeming-lane (between Boroughbridge and Catterick), and the goal a milepost near the Alexandra Gardens, in Leeds. Mr. Green's horse came in alone, the mare having expired suddenly at Scarcroft, three or four miles from Leeds. While going at a great pace she fell instantly to the ground, and was placed in an adjoining stable, where she died in five minutes from a rupture of the bladder. The whole distance was done by Mr. Green's horse in three hours and thirty minutes, and twenty- seven miles of it in an hour and forty minutes. The poor animal was in a most exhausted state at the end of his journey, but under the care of Mr. Dray, veterinary surgeon, he was brought round in a few hours. Mr. Eobson has objected to the stakes being given up, inasmuch as in going up a hill at a walking pace some of the horse's backers helped him on by "putting their shoulders to the wheel." Among all humane persons there has been great indignation at the cruel nature of this transaction, taking into con- sideration the distance to be performed, and the severity of the pace. This is a case for the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals to take up. It is disgraceful to all concerned, both to the owners of the horses, and others who by their presence take part in such barbarism. 
This great race-the Derby of the Thames-the most exciting contest of its kind that can be witnessed in any part of the world, came off on Saturday with all its customary eclat. Owing to the inconvenient state of the tide, it was at first intended that the race should be rowed down the river from Mortlake to Putney but for various reasons this arrangement was at last abandoned, and the usual course up the stream was adhered to, the time of starting being altered from 1 in the day to half-past 8 in the morning. Doubtless, among the other inducements to choose this early hour, was the hope that by so doing the number of steamboats which always follow close in the wake of the competi- tors might be in some measure reduced. If this was so however, the precaution proved of no avail, for the steamers were almost more numerous and more crowded than on previous occasions, and the only change which the early hour appeared to have effected was in diminish- ing the attendance of those visitors who generally line the early hour appeared to have effected was in diminish- ing the attendance of those visitors who generally line the banks of the river in such numbers and add such gaiety and animation to the scene. Eventually some stringent measures will have to be adopted with regard to the steamboats on these occasions, or this great race will either be completely spoilt, or one of its anniversaries marked by such an accident as may throw a gloom over future contests for years to come. Contrary to usual custom, according to which it seems future contests for years to come. Contrary to usual custom, according to which it seems necessary that the start should be at least from half an hour to three quarters behind its proper time, both crews got ready for the race with the most laudable punctuality Oxford from the White Hart, and Cambridge from the Star and Garter. Oxford rowed in the same boat (built by Matt Taylor, of Newcastle) in which they won the match last year, when the Cantabs were swamped bythe rough water, though not until they had completely lost all chance of winning. Profiting by the lesson, however, Cambridge this year had a rather stouter though a light and beautiful boat, built by Searle, which certainly seemed all, and in the event proved to be all, that could be wished for the occasion. The weights and ciews of each boat were-as follo.vs :- OXFORD. st. lb. 1. J. N. Macqueen, University 11 7 2. G. Norsworthy, Magdalene 11 0 3. T. Halsey, Christ Church 11 4. J. Young, Corpus i2. 8 5. G- Morrison, Balliol 12 13 6. H. F. Baxter, Brasenose 11 7 7. J. Strong, University 11 2 8. R. W. Rislev, Exeter 11 8 Coxswain-A. J. Robarts, Christ Church 99 CAMBRIDGE. St.. lb. 1. S. Heathcote, Trinity 10 3 2. H. J. Chavtor, Jesus 11 4 3. D. Ingles,"Trinity J 10 13 4. J. S. Blake, Corpus 12 9 5. M. Coventry, Trinity* Hall 12 8 6. B. N. Cherry, Clare 12 1 7. A. H. Fairbairn, Trinity 11 10 8. J. Hall, Magdalene 10 4 Coxswain-J. Morland, Trinity 9 0 Mr. J. W. Chitty, late Fellow of Exeter College, Oxford, acted as umpire, in one of the Citizen boats, and Mr. Searle officiated as starter. Oxford, as last year, won the toss for shore, and, of course, took the Middle- sex side. Precisely at half-past 8 o'clock the word was given, both boats dipped their oars simultaneously, and seemed to spring forward with a bound, and then each crew went at it in good earnest, Oxford gradually pushing her boat's nose more and more in advance till opposite the Putney Cricket-ground, when she was half a length ahead. The Cantabs now seemed to warm to their task, and made their boat fly forward with each stroke. Animated by tremendous cheering, they slowly but surely gained on their opponents till the distance between them was reduced, when in turn light blue began to forge ahead, and got a slight lead, which was afterwards maintained with more or less success throughout the race. Yet, up to within a short distance of the goal it almost seemed an open question which would win, for Oxford fought every step,- and compelled ,her opponents to use the most tremendous efforts to keep the lead they had so Hardly gained. UhdiT Hammersmith-bridge Cambridge had a clear lead of more than a. boat's length, and seemed about to in- crease the distance, but the water here became rather rougher, and the way" was perceptibly less rapid. Here the Oxonians put on a desperate spurt, and made such progress in reducing their adversaries' lead that it seemed even then that the fortune of the race was about to alter- The cheers and counter-cheers, the shouts of Pull. Oxford; pull!" and cries of Cambridge wins!" seemed to excite each crew to the very utmost, and on the tack across the stream from Surrey to Middlesex Oxford rowed desperately and almost overtook their gallant adversaries. This, however, was a final effort, and from the Barnes, railwny-bridge it was seen that, accidents excluded, the race was virtually over. Still the pace was kept up with the losers till Cambridge had passed the winning post, when they threw up their oars in token of an honourable defeat-a defeat which they had striven to avert by all that "kin and perseverance and strength could accomplish. The winners-who at once rowed back to Patney were loudly cheered. They certainly won this race in the most gallant style; anti, though their efforts during the contest had been tremen- dous, neither crew seemed in the least distressed. There being no tide the race was not a very rapid one, the time occupied being 25 minutes. At the last trial Cambridge, it is said, rowed the entire course, of four miles and a-quarter, in less than 22 minutes. In the evening both crews dined together at the Albion. 
A SHORT time ago a salmon of very large dimensions was seen to rise frequently in Sprouston Dub, Kelso, the largest fish any of the fishermen had ever seen. On Thursday week Major Richardson, of Kirklands, was angling over the place, when he hooked and landed a salmon that weighed 46 lb., the largest fish, we believe, ever killed with the red in the Tweed. The fish killed by Major Richardson measured four feet in length and two feet four inches in girth. It was a kipper, and, in the scales, was more dingy than Tweed salmon generally are. It resembled the Tay fish. Oft the 4th inst. eleven salmon and grilse were killed in Floors water. Among others, the Hon. Harry Grey killed three new run fish, of the respective weights of 20 lb., 24 lb., and 25 lb. On the 7th inst. seven fell to the rod of one fiaher in Rutherford water-very large fish, we believe. On the other days, and on other fishings, fair sport was had during the week. A CORRESPONDENT of a contemporary relates the fol- lowing incident, which occurred in a deer forest last week, and which was nearly attended by fatal conse- quences. Four young men, members of a rifle corps, determined to try their skill as marksmen by having a day's sport among the antlered denizens of the forest. They started early in the morning, and in due time arrived, full of ardour and hope, at the place of rendez- vous, and were not long in getting targets enough to put their shooting qualities to the test. The superiority of their rifles was soon demonstrated by the death of two noble stags. Fearing, however, that the loud report of their fowling-pieces might bring the foresters rather nearer them than was desirable;, it was con- sidered prudent to desist; and, in the meantime, one of their number was dispatched to the nearest farm-r steading for a horse, on which the booty might be carried home, and strict orders were issued to him to be at a certain place in the forest at a given hour. The messenger arrived with the Horse at the time and place appointed, and, as it was now about fheduskof the evening, he was ordered to remain where he was until they could drag the lifeless stags to the place. The lad, feeling a little impatient at their long tarrying, led the horse to all eminence in the near neighbourhood of where he stood, to endeavour to descry them. The other party at this moment noticing what they took to be another stag on the top of the hill, without any consulta- tion, simultaneously emptied their rifles, and, the object in view being within easy range, they were sure of hitting the mark. This was actually the case-one of the balls went through the horse, the second penetrated, the saddle, while the third tore to shreds the skirts of the lad's coat, but "happily without wounding him. The horse, a fine young animal, was killed on the spot; but how the lad escaped scatheless in the circumstances is a great wonder. AN amusing circumstance occurred the other day, not a hundred miles from Bradfield Green, Chester, in con- nection with a day's coursing. In addition to a number of hares that had been chased by dogs, a rabbit was disturbed, and the poor little creature fled for safety towards 'a lady who was in the field, and took refuge under her crinoline, to the great discomposure of the fair proprietress. DURING the latter part of the-lifetime of the late Earl Manvers, the deer in the extensive park at Thoresby became more numerous than profitable, which has induced the present proprietor to part with a consider- able number of these noble animals. Accordingly, 100 of these have recently-been disposed of at X7 7a. a pair, which has materially thinned the ranks of thesefgraceful- looking denizens or that part of the ancient forest of 'Sherwood, in the north of the county of Nottingham. HUNTING IN THE EAST.-The Essex and Suffolk fox- hounds met for the first time this season at Wivenhoe- park, last week. The members of the hunt, who mus- tered in good force, were entertained at breakfast by Mr. J. Gordon Rebow. Churn wood and Fen wood were drawn without success, but a fox was found near Aires- ford Hall. The day had, however, by this time far ad- vanced, and the sly fellow suceeeded in eluding pursuit. In Norfolk, Mr. Villebois'hounds have commenced the season under favourable auspices, and on two occasions the members of the hunt have enjoyed the hospitality of Lord Hastings at Melton Constable. THREE FOXES ATTACKING A BoY. -A few days since as Thomas Preston (wagoner) and John Higgins 0 (wagoner's boy), servants to Mr. Joseph Wardle, of the Old Fenns llall, near Whitchurch, Shropshire, went to fetch up their team of horses from a field adjoining the Old Fenns Wood, at about six a.m., the wagoner, from causes, staved som-edidance behind, the boy proceeding on, and on passing some pits three foxes rushed upon him, but, with the aid of his whip, and lusty shouts, soon 'brought the wagoner to his rescue. What the result might have been had not the wagoner been near, may be conjectured. PRINCE OF WALES YACHT CLUB.-The annual dinner of the above rapidly-progressing and popular' club,took place last week, at the Freemasons' Tavern. After a very excellent dinner the chairman proposed-the usual loyal and patriotic toasts. In proposing the toast of the evening-" Success to the Prince of Wales Yacht Club" --the chairman said the institution over which he had now the honour of presiding in place of the Commodore, who was unavoidably absent, had been in existence eleven years, every season of which, as it appeared in succession, increased the importance of the club in the yachting world. Although the maximum tonnage of yachts in this club was small compared with many others, it had invariably produced first-rate sport, while the at- tendance at each regatta had been very large, and much gratification was given to those who had witnessed them. There were in this club the elements of success in the unanimity which invariably existed, and while it had of late added considerably to the number of its members, he hoped the same good feeling and social intercourse would ever exist amongst them. RACE FOR THE SIX-MILE CHAMPION'S BELT OF ENG- LAND. - The race-grounds at Hackney-wick were thronged to witness the contest between Edward Mills, of Hackney, the holder of the Six-mile Challenge Champion Belt. and John Brighton, of Norwich (the challenger), the latter being also the four miles champion. Mills, it will be remembered, is the only pedestrian who has defeated the Seneca Indian, Daerfoot, in a level race, when they contended for the same trophy; and as the two latter are again matched for £200, for eight miles, the lovers of this sport were much interested in the race, especially to witness the performance of Mills, who has again thrown down the gauntlet to such a star as the Indian has proved himself to be at a long distance. Brighton is celebrated for 'his speed, and at four miles has not yet had a competitor to wrest the palm from him. For the six miles the competitors had to make forty-one circuits of the course. Brighton was compelled to suc- cumb, much exhausted, at the 26th round, through a swelling in his left side, under the heart; Mills, at a much diminished speed, finishing the fourth mile ill 20 mins. 45 sees., and running the remainder of the dis- tance at his leisure. The style and speed Mills displayed on this occasion will make him a formidable opponent to the Seneca Indian when they meet, even at eight miles. DEERFOOT AT PORTSMOUTH.-A great ten-mile footrace for £ 50- £ 40 to the first man and £10 to the second- Came off at the East Hants Cricket-ground, Southsea, near Portsmouth, on Thursday afternoon. Three o'clock was the hour named" for the stajt, which was effected shortly afterwards, Deerfoot leading. In the 48th lap Deerfoot increased the pace, Brighton giving out at its commencement, Mills maintaining an excellent second. In the two next and closing laps the pace was tre- mendous, the strides of Deerfoot at times being of ex- traordinary length, but the little one bounding with him stride for stride in a still more extraordinary way. In this manner the two rivals drew near the slope, about 100 yards from the goal, when Deerfoot, with a fierce rush, his head now erect and nostrils distended, sprang to the front of the game Mills, and won the race by ten yards. The race was run in 55 minutes 15 seconds.
On Saturday Oxford and Cambridge contested, for the eighteenth time, in friendly rivalry. During the whole of the week the rivhi crews had been exercising them- selves over the course. The result of their efforts each day had its influence upon the spectators, as to the issue of the final contest; but on Thursday Oxford, having rowed over the course in 20 min. 35 sec., the shortest time on record, the general feeling was, that victory would declare in their favour. The weights of the crows were as follows CAMBUIDGE CREW. st. lb 1. Richards, Trinity 10 4 2. Chayter, Jesus 11 4 3. Sarlton, St John's 11 0 4. Blake, Corpus 12 12 5. Coventry, Trinity Hall. 13 3 6. Collings, Trinity 10 11 7. Fitzgerald, Trin. Hqjjl 11 2 Hall, Magd. stroke 10 6 Gaskell, Trin. coxw. 8 3 OXFORD CRBW. st, lb. 1. Champneys, Brasen ] 0 11 2. Merriman, Exeter.< 10 1 3. Medlicott, Wadbam 11 4 4. Robertson, Wadham 11*3 5. Morrison, Balliol o 12 8 6. Poole, Trinity 12 3 7. Hopkins, Corpus. 10 8 Hoare, Exeter, stroke 10 10 Ridsdale, Wad., cox. 9, 0 The weather was all that could be wished by the ad- mirers of aquatic sports the wind blew but slightly from the S.W., scarcely causing a ripple on the surface of the water; the sky was cloudy, so that the rays of the sun caused no inconvenience, and the thermometer five de- grees higher than it had been in the earlier part of the week. These circumstances were thought to be favour- able to the Cambridge men, as they were in the aggre- gate nearly two stone lighter than their opponents; but the Oxford crew was composed of as fine men as ever engaged in an aquatic* race, their countenances plainly indicating that they were full of confidence as to the final result. Everything being arranged, exactly at three minutes before eleven the signal was given, when the Cambridge boat took the lead, which, however, they did not keep for more than about a mile, when the Oxford boat got abreast, and gradually continued to increase the distance between the two boats until they arrived at the goal at Mortlake, at exactly 20 minutes past eleven, having per- formed the entire distance in 23 minutes-leaving their opponents behind them about 13 or 14 boats length. Just previous to the commencement of the race, the betting was six to four in favour of Oxford; but after the first mile any oddp were offered, as it was quite evident that the laurels lost last fear would be regained by the Oxford men, who rowed the entire course in a most beau- tiful manner, and with comparative ease. When the Oxford boat reached Mortlake, the victors were received with tremendous aheering by tkel vast multitude of spectators who lined the shores-among whom were a large number of the fair sex. -«►- SEVASTOPOL The following extracts from a letter received from Colonel Gowen, the American gentleman engaztd in raising the sunken fleet at Sebastopol, will doubtless be read w.ith intetest by many of our, readers SEBASTOPOL, March I.-My enterprise in clearing the harbour from the sunken fleet is progressing quite favour- ably, atd I hope to have it entirely completed during the present year. The harbour is now practically clear of all obstructions, only eight vessels being left to raise1 whole. r It is exceedingly difficult to pass chains under the keels of the line-of-battle skips, which Me imbedded in and will last many years. They are five feet high, a yard thick at the base, tapering to half a yard, with the coping rounded and cemented to prevent the rain pene- trating the masonry, which is laid in mortar. There are quite a number of cemeteries that require repair, and I shall givd those that are in the worst con- dition my early attention, although it is hardly possible for me to repair' all. I can hardly afford it. ItA to be regretted that Mr Murray (the Consul at Odessa) should have appoidted a person as guardian of the ceme- teries who can neither speak nor read any language but Russian. English travellers have often remarked that they could not conceive why an Englishman had not been appointed as guardian, for there are 'several in my employment, as well as others in various parts of the Crimea, who would have taken a just pride in watching over the last resting places of their fallen countrymen. The present guardian receives a salary of X100 a year for a position which is entirely a sinecure, for I do not believe he is aware of.the position of a dozen of the seventy-two English cemeteries around Sebastopol. I usually visit them daily, and I have never yet even seen this gentlemnn, although I believe he has been here nearly a year. Woiild it not have been more advisable to use the fund thus uselessly expended in repairing and putting in order some of the worst of the enclosures ? I have hitherto planted over 300 trees in and around the various cemeteries, and have just received from the Imperial botanical gardens near Yalta 100, comprising weeping willow, weeping ash, arbor vitse, and other ap- propriate trees; also hardy rose bushes, which I shall plant Is soon as the frost leaves the ground. Cypress trees will not grow around Sepastopol. I had previously planted several hundred, but the severe weather near and on the heights around Sebastopol destroyed them. Out of all that I planted I don't believe that half a dozen survive therefore I replace them by hardy trees, which, when grown, will cast their peaceful shade over the grave of those who sleep in a laud of strangers so far from their homes. I found the headstone erected to the memory of G. C. W. Curtois, lieutenant of the 63d, who was buried at Catbcart's-hill, had been broken in several pieces. It was composed of Inkerman stone, which is seriously affected by the weather. As it was impossible to repair it, I have procured a slab of porphyry, which I am hav- ing polished afterwards I shall have it lettered -and re- place the old one. I had the honour of receiving a beautiful gold snuff- box from your Government a few months since, for- warded through the hands of his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, in acknowledgment of my services in preserving the British cemeteries at Sebastopol.' I feel highly flattered by such a mark of esteem, and I assure you that such thanks amply rejftiy me for such slight services as I may have been enabled to render. THE NAVY.-From a return issued on Friday specify ing the names of wooden ships intended to carry guns on more than one deck now building, we learn that at the present time there are in course of completion ten vessels of 800-horse power, carrying 91 guns each four of 600-horse power and one of 400, carrying 51 guns each three of 500-horse power, carrying 36 guns each and four of 400-horse power, carrying 22 guns each. The latter four-though strictly speaking corvettes-carry two guns on their spar-deck. MYSTERIOUS DEATH.-On Friday an investigation took place before Mr Brent, deputy coroner for West Middle- sex, at the Pine Apple Tavern, Church-street, Lisson- grove, touching the death of a boy named Still, living with his parents at 28, Nightingale-street. It appeared from the evidence of the mother that, on Friday morning, deceased was violently attacked with pain and cramp in his stomach, and vomited considerably. He, however, seemed to get better until about nine at night, when the pains in his stomach again returned with great violence; and Dr Beale was immediately sent for, who promptly attended; but the'poor child died within half an hour. He was quite sensible. They could in no way account for the death. The medical evidence corroborated, to a certain extent, that of the mother. He found deceased suffering from difficulty of breathing, rapid pulse, cold extremities, but perfectly sensible. The child sank and died so rapidly that no time was allowed to apply reme- dies. Nevertheless, he prescribed what he thought necessary under the circumstances. He was at present very dissatisfied as to the cause of death, and intimated that an adjournment was necessary. The case was ac- cordingly adjourned for further evidence.
An extraordinary boar hunt took place a few days ago at Compiegne. 1 As a part of the regiment of cuirassiers in garrison at i that town were returning from a military promenade, i a wild boar ran across the road just before them. One of the officers started in pursuit, and struck the < animal several times with his sabre, without effect, t owing to its bristles and thick skin. The boar at last 1 plunged into the Oise, and swam across. On the opposite bank the pursuit was taken up by a number f of peasants, and the boar at last took refuge in the < gardens adjoining the railway station, where it was shot by M. Bouillon, a coffee-house keeper. The car- case, weighing about 100 kilogrammes, was imme- diately cut up and divided amongst his captors. BOAT RACES AT OXFORD.-The annual four-oared races for the silver challenge cup and presentation medals were brought to a conclusion on Wednesday, afternoon, after a series of contests which lasted three days. In addition to the holders (University), Trinity, Exeter, and Balliol Colleges were represented. The first race on Monday, between Trinity and Exeter, was won by the former by ten seconds, and on Tuesday Trinity disposed of Balliol after a severe race. The final heat between Trinity and University was re- garded with great interest, as, although the Univer- sity were greatly the favourites, there were plenty of good judges who could not disregard the present form of the Trinity crew. The race was rowed as a time race, University having first position. From the start to the conclusion both crews rowed with indomitable pluck, but the swerving of the University boat gave the other boat some slight advantage. As the crews neared the goal it appeared anybody's race, and it was not until the pistol report of the Trinity umpire that the result was known. The victory of the Trinity men was received with wild delight, as to many of their partisans it was quite unexpected, the betting being 3 and 4, and in a few cases 5 to 1 in favour of their opponents winning. PEDESTRIAN FEAT. Mr. George Thompson, a gentleman amateur of Belfast, has lately performed the unprecedented feat in that part of the country of walking 18 English miles inside three hours. Mr. Thompson has on several occasions recently proved himself one of the best pedestrians in Ireland; and, although it was fully expected that if, considering the heavy road, the great distance could be done in the time, he would propel himself over it, still it was not expected that an amateur walker could accomplish such a feat. Mr. Thompson has already won several cups from the best runners in the north, and is, we understand, matched against one of the first champion walkers in England in a match which will shortly take place. The 18-mile walking match, commencing at the No. 1 milestone OR the Antrim road, from which it had to be continued to the 10th milestone, near Antrim, and back to the starting point, 18 miles. There was a great number of spectators at the start, and at almost every point of interest along the course. The third of the distance, six miles, was traversed in 58min.; and half the distance, nine miles, in lh. 28min. -leaving lh. and 32min. for the other half. When half the distance had been gone over, Mr. Thompson appeared distressed looking; but he struggled on in a very determined manner, and, despite the rain which fell during a part of the return journey, and the heavy nature of the road, he came in at the starting-post in 13 seconds less than 3,hours, having walked 18 miles in 2h. 59min. and 47sec. THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN.-From notes recently mblished in the Australian papers, as well as from trivate communications (says the Field), we are ap- ] prehensive that the demon of discord holds a powerful way in cricketing societies at the antipodes, and that he visit of the distinguished Eleven from the mother sountry will be denuded of many an anticipated glory. Jntoward events not unfrequently spring from very ;rifling causes. In the present instance they seem to lave originated in the every-day occurrence of an sfficient wicket-keeper adroitly performing an act ,vhich the umpire for the time being declared to be ust and proper. Eyes at a distance took another view )f the matter, and a few turbulent spirits raised a storm which has yet to be allayed. In consequence, jherefore, of the bad feeling which exists between the cricketers of Victoria and New South Wales, it is not it present likely that the All England Eleven will visit Sydney. New Zealand is also abandoned, on account af positive expense and probable returns. Mr. Marshall, who is the enb-epreneur of the Eleven, has proposed to visit Calcutta and other Indian cricket settlements. Many plans are conjectured in order to make the wanderings of England's chieftains agree- able, and profitable too. It appears that the Victorians have been for some time practising in right good earnest, feeling assured of the quality of the men they will have to cope withal." A SPORTING INCIDENT IN FRANCE.-M. A., with his little dog, a pointer, was proceeding across a field, when a timid hare, very short-sighted, as is the nature of that animal, ran right between his legs; the pointer, being a good family dog of all work, gave chase, turned the hare like a greyhound, and when it came within range M. A., broke its legs with the first barrel, and finished it with the second. Great rejoicing on the part of A. and his staunch pointer. A. having duly examined his prize-we don't killlepus here every day -proceeded to pack him up in that strange contrivance called a gibeciere," a cross between a bag and a net, which French sportsmen much affect. The stowing away took some few minutes, and during the opera- tion other performers, to the number of four, ap- peared on the scene, each on his arrival claiming the hare. First came the proprietor of the land on which the hare was killed; then arrived in hot haste the tenant; to him succeeded the renter of the shooting and, finally, out of breath and temper, appeared a sportsman with two "running dogs," who had "put up the game on his own land, and coursed it to the scene where M. A. gave it the coup de grace. Each in his turn produced his license-a copy of the game laws-I believe his certificate of baptism, and then claimed "poor puss," which was finally taken by a municipal authority, and put in the hands of the law. Whoever gets this vexatious hare will find it rather a dear bargain. PROFITABLE AMATEUR FARMING.-Mr. Henry Wiggin, of Lea End Farm, Worcestershire, has pub- lished a balance-sheet for the year ending September 30, 1863, the perusal of which will prove interesting and useful to agriculturists generally. The farm con- sists of eighty acres of grass and sixty of arable, is situated about seven miles south-west of Birmingham, sists of eighty acres of grass and sixty of arable, is situated about seven miles south-west of Birmingham, and the soil is a strong red tenacious marl, on which wheat and beans are more likely to grow than turnips 1 and barley. It has been stated that at the time the farm was purchased, about- four years ago, it was so much "out of condition that the work of thorough draining, cleaning, and manuring occupied between two and three years, consequently, the year to which the accompanying balance-sheet refers is the first in which the whole farm could be said to be under proper cultivation. The total cost of the 140 acres, including draining, cleaning, and all improvements, is .£7,200, in addition to which a capital of .£1,300 is employed for stock and working the farm, making a total of £ 8,500. The number and value of the stook was the same on Oct. 1, 1862, as on Sept. 30, 1863. This is mentioned to show that nothing has been taken from capital to in- crease the amount of profit." Here is the balance- sheet Expenditure from Oct.l, 1862, to Sept. 30,1863. -Labour, £ 22619s.; rates, tithe, and taxes, £ 71 15s.; manure, £ 606s.; seed, £ 4416s.; keep, £ 7317s.; sundries, £ 27 2s.-total, .£50415s. Receipts, from Oct. 1,1862, to Sept. 30,1863-Milk, butter, and cows sold, .£182 6s.; sheep, wool, and lambs sold, £ 180 10s.; hay and straw, .£71 6s.; pigs, £ 35; fowls, £ 6 19s.; corn not yet thrashed, is only approximate (17 acres, a very good crop), say, 240 bags at 15s., £ 180 13 acres beans, say 150 bags at 15s., .£112 10s.; 12 acres oats at £ 7 per acre, .£84 i-total, 852 11s. This account shows a balance in favour of the farmer, or an excess ef receipts over expenditure of .£347 16s.; being a little above 4 per cent. on the total capital invested in the undertaking but as the land, from the proper appli- cation of large dressings of manure, will improve in condition, produce will probably increase, and the farm become in the end a 5 per cent. investment, beyond which doubts have been expressed whether amateur farming can be made to pay. In explanation of the above balance-sheet it is stated that "the amounts placed to the credit of the farm are all sums actually received, except that for corn, which, not yet being thrashed, is only approximate, but as all the crops were good, the estimate may be considered rather under than over the real amount. The wheat is esti- mated in the balance-sheet at fourteen bags per acre, and the price 15s. per bag, whereas three acres have been thrashed out and yielded a little over sixteen bags per acre, all of which, on account of its fine quality, has been sold for seed at 18s. per bag.
The annual meeting of the Carmarthen Hunt Week and Steeplechases commenced on Monday last. A great deal of delay occurred in consequence of the riders being so dilatory in coming up to weigh and it was not until nearly three o'clock that the 'Open' came off At the last sound of the bugle seven horses came to the post to contest for. THE OPEN STEEPLE CHASES. A Handicap of 10 sovs. each, half forfeit, and one only (to the Fund) if declared on or before Wednesday, January 17r b, with 100 Sovs. added by the Town of Carmarthen (no deduction); a winner of any Handicap Steeple Chase value 50 Sovs. after the declaration ot the weights to carry 71 bs extra; second horse to save his stake; over about four miles of the New Flying Course. Mr Annesley's Daisy, aged .(J. Pope) I Mr Wadlow's The Roadster, aged .( Walierr White) 2 Mr Sumner's Arlescott, aged (Mr Rickaby) 3 Mi" H Evaii's Goldifnder, aged (J Monahan) 4 Capt. Macbell's Acrobat, aged (C. Boyce) 0 Mr Sumner's Princess Dagmar, nged (George Holman) 0 Mr D. Lewis's Freitag, 6 yearl' Richards) 0 Betting-2 to 1 against Goldfirider, 3 to I against Acrobat, 4 to I each against Roadster and Arlescott, and 6 to 1 against Daisy. The field was arraigned in capital order shortly before three o'clock, and at the giv n signal left the starting point simultaneously. At first it was difficult to perceive which horse had the lead, so nearly (Jid Princess Dagmar, Arlescott aiid Acrobat run together. They were followed closely by Daisy, then came Roadster, Freitag, and Goldfinder last. No material change occurred until reaching the Stand, at which point Acrobat went slightly ahead and Princess Dagmar was supplanted by Daiey and Roadster, the whole lot, however, keeping excellent companionship and getting over the first fence capitally. For half a mile Acrobat was in possession of a clear lead, but stopping in the garden, at the foot of the hill, before breasting the rising ground for the Chapel, took no further part in the race. When Acrobat declined, Daisy went to the fore, and fencing beautifully, showed the way to the second arrival at the Stand, when he swerved, and endeavoured to avoid the jump. Pope, the jockey, finding the reins inadequate fur the purpobe of keeping Daisy straight, struck him on the side or the head, and after playing second fiddle to Goldfinder until approaching the next fence he agtin took a long lead. A mile and a half from the goal, Daisy, Arlescott, and Roadster were alone in the hunt, the two latter continually passing and repassing each other for some distance, after which Roadster quitted Arlescott, who had fallen at the brook and lost much ground in the early part of the race, or, it is thought, he would have won. Daisy continued with an undisputed lead till arriving within a quarter of a mile of the winning pjst, when Roadster came up alongside of the Irish gelding, and the two ran home a spirited and gamely contested finish, Daisy finally gaining a well- earned "nd hard fought victory, by a short head. Arles- cott was six lengths in the rear of Roadster, and a S'milar distance intervened between Arlescott and Goldfinder. Freitag walked in fifth, and Princess Dagmar, falling a mile from home, was pulled up and did not pass the judge. THE HtTNTER'S STAKES. Of 3 sovs each, with 40 sovs added (no deduction); second horse to save his stake; for horses bona fide the property of Residents in Wales, that have been regularly hunted and never been in a public training stable, or have ever started for any Race for which they have been liable to pay Race H"rse Duty 4 years old, ]0st 71b; 5 years old, list 71b; 6 and aged, 12st; a winner of a Hunter's Stake or Steeple Chase once 7Lbs, twice 10lbs extra; over about three miles of the Old Banking Course. Mr Gwyther's Chance, 5 years (Tom Davies) 1 Mr Powell's Dandy, aged (J. Pope) 2 Mr Lewis's Aprilis, 4 years (Richards) 3 Mr H. Vallghao's Minstrel (J Grace) 0 BETTING.-6 to 4 agst Dandy 2 to I agst Chance. The horses started for the three mile race from the second field b'low thestand; Minstrel went off with the lead, closely attended by the others The first fence was beautifully cleared by all except Minstrel who refused and continuing obstinate was not persevered in Dandy and Chance then quickly came to the front, and it was at once apparent that the contest laid between these two. They were b 'th most carefully ridden, the veteran Tom Davies steering Chance, and Pope, a lad from Mr Powell's stables, but at the same time a splendid horse- man, piloting Dandy. The brook was cleared simul- taneously, and with a terrific rush by the three, Aprilis third, but well up. There was no mistake made in the race, all the horses going beautifully together. Pope led over the last fence abilut two lengths, but Tom Davies who nursed his horse at every opportunity, over- hauled him at every stride, and won, after a gallant struggle, by three lengths. THE CAMBRIAN STAKES. A Selling Race of 3 sovs each, with 30 sovs added by the Stewards (no deduction); second horse to save his stake, 4 years old, list 21b; 5 years old, 12st; 6 and aged, ]2st 71b; the winner to be sold for £ 150; if entered to be sold for £ 100 allowed 7ibs if for £70, 14lbs if for £ 40. 21 lbs; the surplus, if any, to go to the fund over about three miles of the Old Banking Course. Mr Williams's Gay lad, aged (Tom Davies) I Mr Owen's Wings, aged (D wnes) 2 Mr Powell's Aunt Sally, aged.(J. Pope) 3 BETTING.-7 to 4 agst Gaylad 3 to I ag"t Wings. Owing to the very inconsiderate delay this race was run nearly in the dark. Gaylad led throughout, Wings well up, and Aunt Sally, far too over-weighted, bringing up the rear. In this way they progressed throughout, the latter little mare never being able to put in a good appearance. Gaylad won easily by six lengths. THURSDAY. Yesterday was quite a treat to the lovers of racing- The weather was all that could be desired, and the course was attended by an immense assembly of the elite of the three neighbouring counties. The first race was A MATCH, Of Twenty-five Sovs aside, p.p.; two miles over the Old Banking Course. et. lb. 12 0 Mr Greenish's blk.g. Saucebox, aged (Tom Davies) 1 12 0 Mr H. Evans's b.m. Georgie, aged (J. Monahan) 2 BITTING.-2 to I on Sancebox. Georgie was Indulged with the, lead, which Monahan kept up for the first mile, when Tom Davies bronght up his hoise, pulling double, and being confident as to the result of the match. All the fences were ttken without a mistake, both pilots riding beautifully. Over the last fence and brook, Saucebox held a commanding lead, Georgie being evi- dently outpaced, and'the former won on a canter by three lengths. THE BOROUGH MEMBER'S PLATE. Of 3 sovs each, with 25 sovs added (no deduction) by "William Morris, Esq, M P., for horses bona fide the pro- perty of residents in South Wales, that have been regu- larly hunted and never been in a public training stable or have ever started for any race for which they have been liable to pay raee horse duty; second horse to save his stake; 4 years old, 10st 101b; 5 years old, list 81b; 6 and aged, 12st 41b; over about three miles of the Old Banking Course. st. lb. 12 4 Mr Powell's e.g. Dandy, aged (J. Pope) I 11 8 Mr Gwyther's Chance, 5 years..(Tom Davies) 2 10 10 Mr Lewis's b, h. Aprllil1, 4years(W Richards) 0 12 4 Mr Owen's b.g. Shanargurka, aged (Monahan) o This was the most exciting race of the meeting. Dandy and Chance led and cleared their fences in capital order. Aprilis refused his first bank and fell over the second, and afterwards refusing the brook was not persevered In. Shanasurk'a came down at the drop after passing the chapel, and the race was virtually a match between Dandy and Chance. Half a mile from home Dandy breasted the fence and sent Pope flying over bis bead; this had the effect of making Chance refuse, so that both wtrfi pretty nearly npon eqoal terms again when they recovered. The two then raced home as ha. 1 as they couid 'ay legs together, and a magnificent strug^ •• ensued, w-hv-.j tnded in the victory of Dandy I by a i- k. The resuit'was received with much cheering. I THE COUNTY MEMBERS' PLATE. A Handicap o! 8 sovs. each, half forfeit, and one only (to the fund) if declared on or before Wednesday, Jan- uary 17th, with 50 sovs, added (no deduction), by D. Jones, E q, M.P., and D. Pugh, Esq, M P., second horse to save his stake; a winner of any Handicap Steeple Chase, value 50 sovs., after the declaration of the weights to carry Tibs extra; the winner of the Open Steeple Chase, 101 b extra; not to be accumulative; over about four miles of the New Flying Course. st. lb. \(I 12 Mr Summers's Arlescott, aged..(Mr Rickaby) 1 11 1 Mr Annesley's Daisy, aged.(J. Pope) 2 11 9 Capt Macheli's Acobat, ag-ed.(C Boyce) 0 11 5 Mr Summers's Princess Dagmar, aged.. (Geo. Holman) 0 10 5 Mr Sumner's Bunbury, aged (Price) 0 BETTING.- 6 to 4 agst. Arlescott, 3 to 1 agst. Acrobat; 4 to I agst. Daisy 5 to 1 agst. Bunbury. Acrobat went off with a strong lead, Boyce evidently meaning mischief, Bunbury second, Arlescott third, and Princess Dagmar and Daisy bringing up the rear. Bunbury came to grief at the fence beyond the chapel, and at the next, Acrobat and Daisy followed suit. Princess Dagmar and Arlescott then came away, Daisy I being a field behind. At the first jump beyond the Giaud Stand the second time round the Princess refused, and no inducement would make her proceed, so Holman judiciously pulled her up. Arlescott then led and had it all his own way, but at the fence by tue garden he came to grief, and also at the two following alternate jumps. He was each time beautifully recovered by his rider, and his lead was so commanding that he won as he liked by 20 lengths. A MATCH Of Twenty-five Sovs aside, p.p.; three miles over the Old Banking Course. 11 7 MrWilliams's b.g. Gaylad,aged (Tom Davies) 1 12 2 Mr Uwens's b.g. Wings, aged (J. Monahan) 2 THE LADIES' PLATE. A Selling Race of 3 sovs each, p.p., with 30 sovs. added (no deduction); second horse to save his stake 4 years old, list; 5 years old, 12st; 6 and aged, 12st7lb; the winner to be sold for £IO(!; it entered to be sold for £80, allowed 71 bs; if for XCO, 14lbij; if for jt40, 21 lbs; the surplus, If any, to go to the fund; for horses that have been regularly hunted and have never been in a public training stable over about three miles of the New Fly- ing Course. Mr Williams's b.g. Gaylad,aged ( £ 40)..(Tom Davies) 1 Mr Powell's b.m. Violet, aged ( £ 60) (Pope) 2 Mr James's b.m. Flight, late the Lass, aged, £ 60) (J. Monahan) 0 The Stewards for 1867 are Messrs Valentine Davis, and Herbert Evans, Highmead, under whose regime we prophechy a splendid meeting. MR. PEABODY'S SECOND GIFT TO LONDON. The Times, in commenting on Mr. George Pea- body's second gift of one hundred thousand pounds to the poor of London, in addition to the one hundred and fifty thousand pounds previously given by that gentleman, thinks it will be pardonable if it is un- able to find adequate terms in which to express its acknowledgments of this noble act of charity. The amount of the gift, though not, perhaps, its most admirable characteristic, is, of itself, sufficient to render any expression of gratitude insignificant. With the former endowment the donation now amounts to a quarter of a million. Such a gift from one person is, probably, the most splendid act of munificence on record. But the manner of this gift is even more admirable than its magnitude, and is, in a still greater degree, beyond any expression of our thanks. It is not one of those posthumous bequests in which, however praiseworthy they may be, a man only surrenders his property to the benefit of others when he can no longer retain it for his own gratifica- tion. This gift is made during the life of the donor, and, that he may increase the happiness of others, Mr Peabody has denied to himself the use and the plea- sure of a quarter of a million of money. It is true, indeed, that such charity brings with it a satisfaction y t, far greater than any pleasure which is to be derived from the mere possession of riches, and Peabody, we may be sure, will not be without this recompense for his benevolence. But it is not every man who is capable of approaching this generous pleasure; ani it is one of the highest virtues of humanity deliberately to prefer the satisfaction of such charity to the rea- sonable enjoyments which attend the possession of great wealth. When to these considerations it is added that the boon is spontaneously conferred upon the poor of this metropolis by one who, though he has resided among us for many years, is not himself an Englishman, nor bound to us by any particular ties, we appear to see every circumstance that could heighten the benevolence of the gift and overpower our gratitude. All England, moreover, rejoices in such a benefit conferred upon the poor of London, and it is the profound feeling of every Englishman which will thus he moved by Mr Peabody's generosity. IMPORTS OF ONIONS.-It seems scarcely credible that a country like England should pay to foreigners in one year a sum nearly equal to half a million sterling for such an item as onions. It appears, however, by the latest statistical issue of the Board of Trade, that Holland sent 290,812 bushels, Belgium 115,413 bushels, France 106,663 bushels, Portugal 102,969 bushels, and various other countries 13,821 bushels; the total actual value being set down at £480.973, the average prices varying from 5s lid to 17a 10d per bushel; the former having reference to the produce of Portugal, the latter to that of Belgium. WHY CHILDREN DIE.-The reason why children die is because they are not taken care of. From the day of their birth they are stuffed with food, choked with physic, suffocated in hot rooms, steamed fn bedclothes. So much for indoors. When permitted to breathe a breath of air once a week in summer, and once or twice during the coldest months, only the nose is permitted to peer into daylight. A little later they are sent out with no clothes at a)), aa to the parts of the body which most need pro- tection. Bare legs, bare arms, bare necks, girt middles, with an inverted umbrella to collect the air and chil) the other parts of the body. A stout, strong man goes out out on a dry day with gloves and overcoat, woollen stockings, and thick double-soled boots. The same day a child of throe years old, an infant in flesh and blood, and bones and constitution, goes out with soles as thin as paper, cotton socks, legs uncovered to the knees, neck bare; an exposure which would disable the nurse, kill the mother in a fortnight, and make the father an in. valid for weeks. And why ? To harden them to a mode of dress whivh they are never expected to practise. To accustom them to exposure, which a dozen years later would be considered downright foolery. To rear chil. dren thus for the slaughter pen, and then lay it to Heaven, is too bad. MAKEIAOKS OF PRIESTS IN ITALY.-M. Erdan, the Naples correspondent of the Paris Temps, mentions that several priests have tieclared their intention of marrying under the authority of the new civil law which came into operation on tfce 1st of January. He cites a special case in the following terms On the 12th January a priest named Pasquale di Francesco, of Caserta, aged 46, presented himself before the vice-syndic of the Monte calvario district prepared with all necessary papers for marriage, and requested to be united to Seraphina Velardi, of Naples, aged 27. The vice-syndic did what the mu- nicipal authorities of Genoa had done under similar cir- cumstances-that owing to the doubtful character of the case he must refer to the tribunals. The Neapolitan judges thoroughly discussed the question. There was strong opposition to the marriage, but finally the formal opinion of Signor Mirabelli, the attorney-general, pre- vailed, and the following reply was given to the vice- syndic of MontecalvanoFirst. That every person presenting himself under the conditions required by section 2 of chap 1, heading V., of the Civil Code, may and oight to be allowed to contract marriage. Second. That no, restriction whatever being indicated either explicjtjy or implicitly with respect to persons bound by ecclesiastical vows, Pasquale di Francesco had the right to marry, "ke every dtbqr citizen. In conformity with this decision, the priest Pasquale di Francesco was married at Montecalvario on Monday, the 29th January M. Erdan adds that the Italian Government does not setem to have interfered in the matter, as a decision exactly the reverse of the above has been given at Genoa. 
THE Berwick Warder states that the take of salmon and trout in the Tweed has much fallen off during the past week, and that fish generally is scarce. IN the thousand guinea Derby lottery at White's Club, Colonel Brownrigg drew Lord Lyon. He waa offered and refused .£600 for it. CAPTAIN CUNINGHAME has refased .£600 for his renowned steeplechase horse Stilton. UPROUSE ye then, my merry, merry meD," is to be sung at the concert of the dinner to Admiral Rons by a chorus of melodists. Earl Granville will take the chair, and narrate the turf events of the gallant Admiral's life. THE following extraordinary take of salmon was mado with the single rod on the Laune, Killarney, by Captain H. A. Herbert, M.P., of Muckross, who killed on the water, on Monday, one salmon, 201b.; two ditto, 151b. each; three ditto, 131b. each; one ditto, 14lb.; two ditto, 61b. each; total weight 1151b. All clean salmon. This is probably the best day's single rod fishing in the south of Ireland for many years. THE racecourse celebrity, Joe Jones, who attends in England in rich raggedness, red coat, and inexpres- sible inexpressibles, was at Pa-ris on the racecourse-as a French paper says in reviewing the oddity-filling up the time between the races in the thankless occu- pation of endeavouring to amuse the English. A FINE and interesting example of the French style of boxing was recently given impromptu by two well- known members of a great club. One was tall and powerful, and the other short and weak, but owing to the superior style of art in French boxing, the latter was completely victorious, and made the big one roar with pain, by fixing his teeth resolutely in his foe after slipping dexterously behind for that purpose. This was much applauded by the spectators, who con- sidered it the coup de jarnac of modern times. THE site of the Eton Racquet Courts is a narrow strip of land which runs parallel with the Rev. Mr. Joynes's football field, adjoining the road leading to South-meadow, by the side of the Mathematical School. The coat of the buildings, whioh are to be ereoted back to back, will be about < £ 1,500, one-third of which is already subscribed. THE annual dinner of the Masters of Foxhounds' Committee was held on Saturday laet at Boodle's Club, St. James's-street. There were present-Sir Watkin W. Wynn, chairman; Lord Hill, Mr. Lane Fox, Lord Redesdale, Mr. Meynell Ingram, Mr. Delrne Radcliffe, Lord Tredegar, Lord Hastings, Mr. T. Drake, Lord Poltimore, Mr. Percy Williams, Viscount Galway, Earl of Eglinton, Mr. G. Lort-Phillips, Hon. W. H. North, Mr. Clowes, Sir David Baird, Earl Poulett, Lord Hawke, Earl Spencer, H. W. E. Dun- combe. Mr. H. W. Williamson, Mr. Chaworth Mus. ters, and Mr. Anstruther Thomson. THE Saturday concert and afternoon promenade at the Crystal Palace was more thronged than ever on Saturday, there being 11,584. visitors present. Tho solo artistes were Madame Harriers-Wippern, Madame Trebelli-Bettini, Mdlle. Sinico, Mr. Hohler, Signor Bettini, and Herr Rokitansky; solo pianoforte, Mdlle. Anna Mehlig. The gardens at Rockhills were thronged with a moat fashionable company. The great event of next week is the display of fireworks, and illumina- tion of the fountains on Thursday. Great prepara- tions are making for the occasion, and as it is intended in lighting up the fountains to make a liberal use of the recently-discovered, bat expensive, magnesium light, a scene of surpassing brilliancy will result. The new June season-ticket was issued on Monday to a large number of newly-entered season-ticket holders. The return of admissions for six days, ending Saturday, June 2,1866, gave 36,489. O -- 
A letter from Melbourne, January 25, says:-Cricket -r-nothing but cricket-has been the theme of thought, speech, and song during the pa«* month, ever since tbe arrival of the All-England champions. Well, the first match between them and eighteen of the Melbourne Club was commenced on the 1st instant, and lasted five days- as a matter of course, terminating in favour of the Eleven, who in one innings scored 305; whereas their opponents got only 209 in their two innings. Before the commencement of the match the enthusiasm of the people had reached a high pitch; but, notwithstanding that, it was scarcely expected that such large numbers would have attended. On each of the four days there could scarcely have been fewer than from 25,000 to 30,000 people present. The grand stand, which accommodated 5,000, was quite full. Several re- ports are in circulation as to the fabulous profit which Spiers and Pond will realise from their speculation. All their expenses can scarcely exceed £5,000, which would be more than covered by the first match. A capitalist in this city is reported its having offered them £15,000 for the speculation. So the importation of cricketers will prove, after all, not such a bad or hazardous under- taking as one might imagine. The Eleven proceeded to Beechworth on the 6th inst., to play against twentv-two of that district. The Coventry- players did not make such a stand even as their brethren in town, for in their two innings the Beechworth men only scored seventy- three, the Eleven beating them by one innings and'161 runs. The next match was on the Melbourne ground afe"alIlSt., UDited Eleven of Sydney and Melbourne, who had previously concluded their aanual interC0l0nial match, lhe two Elevens being the best men of the two colonies, it was expected that this match would give our English visitors some work to win. The first of the three days assigned for the match proving wet, only two days could be allowed for it. This is un- fortunate, as, from the state of the game at the end of the second day, there is every reason to believe that, if the United Eleven had not won, they would, at all events have sustained a respectable defeat. The Sydney and Melbourne men were sent first to the wickets, and in their first innings scored 153. The Eleven made only 110 in their first innings. In their second innings the United Eleven scored 144, which was reduced by ten in the half- hour at the close of the day with which the All-England Eleven commenced their second innings. The game was then declared a" draw," as on the following Monday morning the Eleven had to proceed to Geelong, where they were met by a twenty-two, who, atlhough consider- ably supplemented by Melbourne players, were yet ter- ribly beaten by the champions. The Geelong men made 191 in their two innings, the Eleven beating them by one run and nine wickets. Yesterday, at two o'clock, the Eleven, accompanied by Spiers and Pond, sailed for Syd- ney, where they are looked for with great anxiety. Several of the English players have expressed a favour- fw Australian cricketers, intimating also k;e found more difficulty in defeating them than they had reckoned upon. They have also pronounced kne bowling of some of our youths to be first-class. 
The Melbourne Age gives a long account of the recep- tion and play of the celebrated English Eleven in the capital of Victoria, from which we extract the follow- ing The Eleven arrived on the 24th of December, the ¡I reception accorded them was of a semi-public character. Upon the Great Britain anchoring in the Bay, a committee' appointed by the Melbourne cricketers proceeded on board. They found that the Eleven, namely, Messrs. H. H. Stephenson, Bennett, Caffyn, Griffith, Hearn, Iddison, Lawrence, Mortlock., Mudie, Sewell, and E. Stephenson, had ali arrived well and hearty. Arrangements had been made that the first match should take place upon New Year's-day and the three following days, and should be between the Eleven and twenty-two Melbourne players. Mr H. H. Stephenson, however, objected to giving such long odds at the outset, and alleged that his men had not recovered from the effects of the voyage. After some discussion, the Melbourne cricketers I gave way. and only eighteen players were pitted against the Eleven. From the interest manifested, a large attendance of spectators was anticipated, and every accommodation was provided to enable the match to pass off pleasantly. A grand stand, forming an area of 700 feet and capable of seating 5000 people, was erected, and the ground was covered with refreshment booths. The weather was beautifully fine, and the match proved a complete success. The attendance of the public was enormous. The match proved an easy victory for t/fae English champions. To some extent they were favoured by fortune, but it was evident that the colonial team was overmatched. The following is the list of the players engaged:- All England Eleven.-H. H. Stephenson (captain), G. Bennett, W. Caffyn, G. Griffith, T. Hearn, R. Iddison, C. Lawrence, W. Mortlock, W. Mudie, T. Sewell, E. Stephenson. Umpire-G. Wells. Melbourne Eighteen.-G. Marshall (captain), J. Bryant* B. Butterworth, J. Conway., S. Cosstick, G. Elliott, S. Hopkinson, J. Huddleston, C. Mace, C. Makinson, T. Morres, H. O'Mullane, S. S. Rennie, D. Sweeney, J. Stewart, J. B. Thompson, JL W. Wardill, T. F. Wray. Umpire-J. Smth. The Melbourne Eighteen were the first to go to the wickets, and their play was considered admirable, for though their wily and practised opponents enticed some of the best men out, IT,7 runs were secured. Marshall with 27, J. B. Thompson with 17, and Sweeny with 16, were the highest scorers. Caffyn was put to bowl at first, but was not very successful, and the wickets were taken by Bennett and Griffith. Upon the Eleven going to the wickets it soon became evident that they had mastered their opponents* bowling. The display of batting was perfect, and it took two days to complete the innings. Caffyn scored 79, Grimth 61; E. Stephenson, 34; Iddison, 21; Mudie, 22; Lawrence, 20; Mortlock (not out) 11; Hearn, Sewell, 3; and H. H.Stephenson, 2; the total being 305. In their -second innings the Melbourne Eighteen scored but 92. At the commencement it up-, peared-as if the colonial players were about to rival the All England score. For the first wicket 37 runs were obtained, but afterwards a strange sort of fatality attended the efforts of the batsmen. Eight of them were put out in less than half an hour, while the score was completety at a standstill. A stand was made by Wardill, Cosstick, Hopkinson, and Elliott, and through their exertions the score was somewhat brought up. Sewell who was put on to bowl for the Eleven, proved himself very dangerous, as he took seven wickets for 21 runs. The feature of the innings, however, was the fielding of Iddison, who in one place or another took no less than four wickets. Upon the whole the Melbourne cricketers, though beaten in one innings by 95 runs, did not come off badly. Their great deficiency was in fielding. Both Caffyn and Griffith were missed before they had scored much, and other mistakes of a like nature were far too frequent. Their inexperience as compared with such practised players, and their nervousness also, contributed largely to their defeat. The brilliancy and finish of the general play of the Eleven has been highly commended, but now that their style is more known the Melbourne cricketers are very anxious for a second match, and confidently predict that they would be able to secure a different result. The playing ground was pronounced by the Eleven to be equal to the best one in England, and this was one cause of their making so high a score. The succeeding match was between the Eleven and Twenty-two of the district of Beechworth. This game was only played for the amuse- ment of the good people of the district, who were anxious to see the champions of England in the field, as it was known from the first that the Beechworth players were totally incapable of coping with the Eleven. In fact an Eleven of the Melbourne Clubs had beaten every Twenty- two of the country districts it ever played against. No one was surprised, therefore, when the Eleven, having scored 264 in their first innings, disposed of the Beech- worth Twenty-two for 20 runs in the first, and 56 in the second innings, and thus won the game by the one innings and 188 runs. The two champion Elevens then combined and entered the lists together against the All-England Eleven. Public attention was strongly fixed upon this encounter, for ir. was belicxed that the allies would together make an effectual stand. Nor were these expec- tations ill-founded, for the efforts of the colonial players were rewarded with a gratifying amount of success. The Victorian team, it may be mentioned, was weakened by the withdrawal of two of its original members, who could not make arrangements to play, and in the second innings the allies were deprived of the services of one of their crack batsmen, Kettle, who had obtained the highest score in the first innings. He was disabled by a fast ball from Caffyn when playing very steadily. In their first innings the Twenty-two scored 153, and by steady field- ing and good bowling they disposed of the Eleven for 110 runs, thus obtaining a majority of 43. In their second innings, the Twenty-two obtained 144 runs, leaving the All England Eleven 188 to get to win. The game, how- ever, could not be played out. At first the match had been arranged to be a three days' affair but a heavy rain- storm prevented it being commenced upon the first day, and other arrangements would not permit of its being earried into the following week. Much regret has been expressed at the circumstance, as it was evident that the colenial cricketers had a good chance of retrieving their former defeat. It is a matter for congratulation, however, that the Twenty-two won in the first innings, as that is a feat which was never accomplished by the Americans. Upon the 20th, 21st, and 22nd of January, the Eleven played a match at Geelong with Twenty-two of the dis- trict. Here again they were victorious. The Geelong players scored 111 and 80, and the Eleven obtaining 128 runs in their first innings, won the match with nine wickets to fall in the second. Since this match they have sailed for Sydney, where they are to play 22 of the sister colony. THE VOLUNTEER RIFLE (JOSTUME.- While some volun- teer corps are discussing the question as to what would be the best colour for the new uniform, the Hallamshire Rifles have taken action and decided to substitute a scarlet for the present grey tunic. We are assured by the Sheffield Independent that the new tunic is really very handsome, and that the change meets with great favour from the volunteers. I The cloth of the new tunic,' says our contemporary, is of the same kind as that worn by the Guards, and is therefore of excellent quality. The tunic has purple facings of precisely the same kind as those worn by the 56th regiment. The collar and cuffs are decorated with silver embroidery; and, which is a new feature in volunteer, if not in regular uniform, the shoulder-knots are of silver lace. The make of the new tunic is admirable, and, superior as is the quality of the tunic, the cost will not exceed 26s, which is greatly less than the cost of the present grey tunic.' THE GAME LAWS.-At the County Court at Mansfield, held a few days ago, before Mr R. Wildman, the follow- ing remarkable case was determined:-Two poachers, named William Place and George Sansom, sued Mr Superintendent Wimant, of the county constabulary, for X4 19s, the value of two nets, twenty-four partridges, and one rabbit, seized by the defendant and his officers. From the evidence adduced it appeared that the plaintiffs, with a man named Evans, were coming down the South- well Road, on the 2nd of September last, at about four o'clock in the morning, and when about a mile from Mansfield, were met by defendant and six police officers, who took them into custody, and searched them on their arrival at the station. On Evans were found seven birds, a rabbit and a net. When these were taken from Evans, he said to the defendant, Wimant, I shall expect you to make them good.' Upon which Wimant replied, Put it on me, for we have plenty of money.' Some time afterwards the defendant was asked to restore the property, but he refused. Mr Cursham appeared for the defendants, and contended that his clients tffere war- ranted in apprehending the plaintiffs, who were convicted poachers. Mr Wildman, in giving judgment, said if the men were poachers and had each been convicted fifty times that would not justify the police in stopping and taking their property from them. After condemning the practice of poaching, he ordered the amount claimed to be paid forthwith. 
ELEVEN OF ALL ENGLAND Y. TWENTY-TWO OF HALIFAX.-This game terminated on Thursday, in favour of Halifax and district by 54 runs. The following is the score: All-England, 152 and 77; Halifax, 188 and 95. MARYLEBONE CLUB AND GROUND V. THE COLTS" OF ENGLAND This match, at Lord's Ground, was played on Monday and Tuesday, the Prince of Wales being present on the opening day. It was a well-contested match, the Colts playing with much pluck, and were only beaten, by seven runs. M.C C. and Ground, 102 and 58; Colts of England 61 and 92 UNITED ALL ENGLAND ELEVEN V. TWENTY-TWO OF EALING AND DISTRICT.-This match lasted three days, commencing on Monday. The ground was a pretty P j adjoining the Green Mar. Inn, Ealing, and was in good condition. Oar space will admit only of giving the totals. Twenty-two, 97 and 159-total TTnitari Eleven, 139 and 108-total 247. 56' Umted 
On Friday week the energetic manager of the Cardigan Club, W. Picton Evans, Esq, brought an eleven against Tenby, and received a severe defeat with great good humour, although fresh from similar treatment at Haver- fordwest, where Cardigan were beaten in one innings, with more than 150 runs to spare. Tenby went in first and made 205, of which Mr H. Reade obtained Jon, by a six, a five, 5 fours, &c; and Messrs Smyth and Leach 27 and 25. Messrs Lascelles and Willinms had it all their own way in the bowling; and the Cardigan totals were only 58 and 35, Tenby being thus victorious in one innings by 112 runs. On Saturday week the Pembrokeshire Ramblers,' com- manded by J. H. Scourfield, Esq, M.P. for Haverfordwest, commenced their career by an innings of 82, against Tenby Cricket Club. Mr Marshall contributing 40. ?oing in first, and only losing his wicket when the last of bis side had joined him. Mr T. Smyth had the honour af proving that not even Mr Lascelles can lower the wicket which is defended in the style to be learned at Tenby. He obtained 66, not out, without giving a single chance. Other contributors to the amount of the innings, 139, were Messrs H. Reade and F. Reade, who made 17 and 12 respectively. The Rambler*' had made 60, with the loss of 3 wickets, when rain put a stop to the game. C.J. Marshall, Esq, being left, not out, with 32. This was, therefore, another easy victory for Tenby. The grand matches which were to have been played last week have been unavoidably postponed. The 5 Welsh Wanderers' cannot come till the new railway has been opened. The Carmarthen eleven started in a small steamboat, at 7 a.m. on Monday morning, to play here as irranged; but owing to the strong head wind, could not make the passage, nor even return in time to meet a ;rain. They would have come on Tuesday, but wtre pre- vented by the heavy rain. The secretary has promised ;o bring an eleven as soon as possible after the opening 3f the new railway. 
An exciting match of cricket came off on the Brecon cricket ground, on Wednesday last, the 1st of May, between the Town Club and the No. 1 company of Volunteers, which terminated in favour of the first mentioned team by a majority of 48. The day was most favourable and encour- aging. The following is the scoring of the BRECON ELEVEN. 1st Innings. 2nd Innings. J. C. B. Morris, b King 2 b P. Lloyd. 3 A. Bristol, ct O'Hara, b P. Lloyd 4 b P. Lloyd 20 R. Bowcott, b O'Hara.. 14 b O'Hara 15 T. Jones, 1 b w O'Hara 17 ctE.Jones,bKing 10 E. Wright, 1 b w Lloyd 0 b O'Hara 5 J. L. Edwards, ct & b O'Hara 8 b O'Hara 2 A. J. Williams run out 0 b P. Lloyd 0 T. Williams, b P. Lloyd 1 not out 2 A. Lewis, not out 2 b James. 4 J. Cadogan, b P. Lloyd 4 b O'Hara 2 T. Jones, ct T. Powell, b. P. Lloyd. 0 absent 0 Extras. 6 Extras. 6 58 69 VOLUNTEER ELEVEN. 1st Innings. 2nd Innings. Capt. P. Lloyd, b Bow- cott 16 b Bowcott 1 Pt. E. Jones, ct Bowcott b Morris 8 b Bowcott 1 Pt. J. O'Hara, b Morris 2 b Morris 4 „ Hanbury, b Morris 5 b J. L. Edwards.. 0 King, b Bowcott 0 b J. L. Edwards.. 3 Ensign James, not out 14 b Bowcott 6 Sergt. Jas. Morgan, b Bowcott 0 b Wright 0 Sergt. Jas. Williams, run out 0 b Wright 0 Sergt. John Morgan, ct Wright, b Bowcott. 0 not out 4 Corporal T. Powell, b Morris 1 ct & b Morris 0 Pt. T. Powell, b Bow- cott 0 et & b Bowcott 0 Extras. 10 Extras. 4 56 23 
This celebrated Eleven have just completed arrange- ments for twenty matches, their dates being definitively fixed, also the places where to be played. Other matches are also pending, the dates for which are at present left open. The following is the programme of MATCHES FOR 1863.J: Monday, May 11, at Sheflield.-Against Eighteen of Sheffield. Slinn's benefit. Thursday, May 14, at Glasgow.-Against Twenty-two of Clydesdale Club. Monday, May 18.-Open. Thursday, May 21, at Manchester (Old Trafford Ground).-North v. South. Monday, May 25, at Lord's.-Against the United All England Eleven. Benefit of the Cricketers' Fund. Thursday, May 28, at Bath.Against Twenty-two. Monday, June 1.-Open. Thursday, June 4.-Open. Monday, June 8, at Southampton.-Against Twenty- two of the Union Club. Monday, June 15, at Dewsbury.-Against Twenty- two. Thursday, June 18, at Broughton (Manchester).- Against Twenty of the Club and Ground. Monday, June 22, at Sheffield.- County match. Thursday, June 25, at Redditch.-Against Twenty- two. Thursday, July 2, at Morley.-Against Twenty-two. Thursday, July 16, at Basingstoke.-Against Twenty- two of the Hackwood Park Club. Monday, July 27, at Walsall.-Against Twenty-two. Thursday, July 30, at Longsight.-Against Twenty. Monday, August 3, at Boston Spa.-Against Twenty- t vo. o Thursday, August 6, at Ashton-under-Lyne.-Against Twenty-two. Thursday, August 13, at Nottingham.-Against Sixteen Free Foresters (F. Tinley's benefit). Monday, August 17, at Lewton Hall, Cheshire.- Against Twenty-two. Monday, August 24, at Scarborough.-Against Twenty- two of the District.
CRICKET MATCH. BRECON V. WYE-SIDE. The return match between Brecon and Wye- side, was played at Boughrood, on Wednesday last, the former won after a very pleasant game by 20 runs. The Rev. H. De Winton, most hospitably provided dinner. 
On Thursday, the 2oth ult, the members of the Tenby Cricket Club, together with their friends and supporters from Pembroke Dock and Tenby, sat down to an ex- cellent dinner at the Cobourg Hotel, as the termination of their season of cricketing, J. Leach, Esq, of Ivy Tower, in the Chair, Captain Mansell in that of the Vice Chairman. The object of the dinner being principally to bring forward the claims of the Tenby Cricket Club mote prominently before the public, the Committee took this opportunity to invite the inhabitants and the trade of the town, to the dinner, and we are happy to say that the call was well responded to. A feeling at present pervades a portion of the tradespeople that the Club wishes to exclude all but gentlemen from joining. It is to be lamented that this misunderstanding should have occurred, and it is much to be regretted that the town should still keep back their support and sympathy on account of it. The Committee have done all in their powor to remove this error, and wish the Club to be in reality what it is called, The Tenby Cricket Club,' open to all who will pay their subscription. Everyone who understands the interest of the town, cannot fail to see the importance of having a permanent Cricket Club, and the Committee are entitled to much praise for their exertions in endeavouring to form one. After the cloth was removed, the Chairman proposed the following toastsThe Queen, H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, and the rest of the Royal Family, coupling with the latter the Prince's intended wife. The Chair- man in a very able speech informed the meeting that Tenby always had a Cricket Club, but somehow or other it could never be said to be flourishing. The commence- ment of the season was pretty brisk, but towards the end it languished, and died a natural death. He now hoped that, as the Club could boast of a very efficient Com- mittee, it would be put upon a permanent basis. Cricket, as it ought to be carried out, could not be carried on without money. It was rather an expensive institution, but at the same time a very profitable one to a town like Tenby. He then proposed the toast of the evening, Prosperity to the Tenby Cricket Club, coupling with it the names of W. B. Reade, Esq, and H. P. Steele, Esq. The toast was responded to by Mr Steele, wherein he very ably put forth the claims of the Club to the sym- pathy and support of the inhabitants, and also directed attention to Mr Griffiths's letter in that day's Observer. He resumed his seat amidst the most enthusiastic cheering. The Chairman next gave the Trade of Tenby, coupling with it the name of Mr Walkington, which was duly responded to. Captain Mansell, in a very able speech, after glancing over the success of the Club during the past season, spoke of the advantages of a permanent Club. He was himself a stranger to the place, and no one was better able to give the meeting an idea of what he, as a cricketer, felt on arriving at Tenby, that the place could not boast of a permanent club; and, as he intended staying amongst them for a time, be hoped that no effort would be spared to have one, towards which he would give all the assistance in his power. He then proposed the health of the Chairman, which was drunk with three times three and the usual honours. The absent members of the Committee were then given, coupling with them those present, viz-Mr Leach, Mr H. P. Steele, Captain Mansell, Mr J. G. Lock, and Mr Griffiths, which was responded to by the latter. The Chairman then proposed the health of the Vice Chairman, which was drunk with due honours, and ably responded to. The company separated at an early hour, in conse- quence of a bill taking place the same evening; not however without hoping that it was only the comm nee- ment of an Annual Cricket Dinner. Amongst the conjpany present we observed: Colonel Baynes, Major Rolleston, Captain Mansell, J. Leach C. Edwards, W. Lock, H. P. Steele, Crawshay Bailey] juar., - Hodgson, - Wilner, E. P. Utterson, J. Gwynne, Arthur White, - Beadon, J. G. Lock, H. A. O'Toole, and - Gaussen, Esqrs; Messrs. W. Walkin- ton, G. White, D. E. Griffiths, T. Thomas, J. Phelps, R. Jenkins, J. Smith, T. H. Jones, G. Stone, junr., Davies and Peagam. 
The following matches were played last week, on the Brecon Cricket ground, which caused great ex- citement, a large number of ladies and gentlemen being present. The weather was excessively hot. J-he players and visitors were supplied with all necessaries by Mrs. Turner of the Swan Hotel. BRECONSHIRE V. WELSH WANDERERS. BUECONSHIKE. Capt. P. Lloyd, b Llewellyn 9 b Arthur Ti TAGS- iC.27 c ^i W! 6 lb^b Arthur 3 is tic, not out is J.C. B. Morris, c Richards, b 9 Llewellyn 1 Not out. T Ricards, c & b Llewellyn 1 c Llewellyn"bArthnr"" 5 H. Scott, c & b Bancroft 7 b Bancroft 0 E. Jones, c Bancroft, b Wright 5 b Arthur 2 Rev. Ilosken, h w, b Wright. 0 b Bancroft, junr 0 Byes and wides G Byes 2 90 48 WELSH WANDERERS. Bancroft, senr., b E. Davies. 6' Not out 3 Wright, c Scott, b Davies 2 b Scott "X Bancroft, junr., run out 4 W. Richards, not out .41 Not out Rev. R Lloyd, c Davies, b Scott 3 b Davies 0 Llewellyn, c Entwistle b Davies 5 c Hosken, b Davies T B. Arthur, c .Tones, b Treveylan 4 G: May, c C. Lloyd, b Scott.. I) Capt. Homfray, b P Lloyd 1 Litcher, b P. Lloyd 3 Almond, b Scott 1 Byes and wides 21 Byes and wides 12 96 45 BRECONSHIltE. J. Lloyd, b Baskerville 18 c Stanhope, b Wrigh 0 J. L. Edwards, c Price b Bas- kerville 0 c Price, b Wright 2 A. Wright, c Custance, b Bas- kerville 2 c & b Wright 1 Capt C. Lloyd, b Baskerville 0 b Custance 2,1 E. Davies, e Price, b Baskerville 2 b Wright 6 Cupt. P. Lloyd, b Baskerville. 0 b Custance 0 Treveylan, b Custance 0 b Wriglit 1 J. Monis, 1 b w, b Baskerville 0 c Price, b Custance 1* Rev. T. Hosken, b Custance. 0 Not out 0 E. Jones, b Custance 7 c Custanee, b WrigM 2 C. Nichols, not out 12 b distance »' Byes and wides 9 Byes and wides 13 56 71 HEREFORDSHIRE. J. B. Price, b Davies 44 T. Cartfess, b P. Lloyd 0 A. Custance, st. C. Lloyd, b Wright 59 Wright, b J. Lloyd j Baskerville, b Davies 5 P. R. Piece, c. Wright, b Davic-s 4 Capt. W. Stanhope, st Lloyd, b Davies 12 Blissett, Ib w, b E. Davies o T. Llanwame, not out 7 Martin, c Morris, b Davies 1 Byes and wides 21 154 BRECONSHIRE V. HEREFORDSHIRE. > RIFLE COMPETITION. A match came off yesterday at the Crickhowell range, between ten men of No 1 company, Bre- con, and ten of No. 3 Company, Crickhowell, Vo- lunteers, when the Brecon men came offvictorious by ten points, at 200, 500. and 600 yards-The scorinwill appear next week. 
The cricket match at Montreal finished on the morning of Tuesday, the 27th ult. in an easy victory for the- Eleven of England. The Twenty-two of Canada scoBod; 85 jin the first innings, and 63 in the second; total HiS.. The Eleven made, first innings,. 117; second (fee- two wickets), H2. Caffyn and Jackson bowled agaisjat the Twenty-two at first; but, runs being got oil tihe fast bowling, Parr was put on with the "slows," w^kh proved very destructive. The admirable fielding ei the Eleven was much admired. There were G,000 spsatators present, on the last day. The special correspondent of the )Yew York Herald says" The English Eleven play splendidly, and it is a perfect picture to see them but they will find their equals in the Twenty-two at Hoboken." We givQ the score of the Eleven below: THE ENGLISH. ELEVEN. FIIIST INNINGS. SECOND Grundy, b Hastings 2 Wisden, c Hardtlige, b Fisher 7 Hayward, run out. 17 c b J. Smith. 10 Caffyn, b Fisher. •' 18 not <a>aWv 4 Parr, b Fisher '• 24 Caesar, b Fisher. O. Diver, e Pickering, b Napier 3, not out 1 Lillywhite, b Napier 4 Loekyer, not out 19 b J. Smith 10> Stephenson,b Fisher. "2 Jackson, b J. Smith 10 Byes 5, wicles 6 11 Byes 2,. wides 5 7 Total 117 Total 32 At the conclusion of the game" a scratch match" was commenced between Messrs. Wisden, Caffyn, Lock- yer, Griuidy, Carpenter, and Lillywhite (of the United Eleven) with five gentlemen of Lower Canada,and Messrs. Parr, Jackson, Stephenson, Hayward, Divee, and Csesar, with five other gentlemen of Lower Canada, which was soon stopped by the rain. Caffvni and GrmadiT were at the wickets, with Parr and Jackson bowiiag. Parr was hit away by Caffyn fox three and two in the first over, and Jackson for two in the second over. This match was to be played out; and the cricketers, would leave for New York on Friday the 28th. 
A well contested cricket match was played here on Tuesday last, between the Yarteg and the Bluena von clubs. On the part of the Yarteg, the playing of Messrs. E. Jones, C.A.Jones, and C. Howell, wicket keeper, was excellent, and on the Blaenavon side, that of Messrs. R. Warren, S. Steele, and J. Biaze (whose batting and howling were really splendid). The match terminated in favour of the Varteg men, who beat their opponents honourably by six runs. 
RHYMNEY. CRICKET--A match was played on the 24th instant, between the Blaina and Rhymney Clubs, when the former gained an easy victory in one innings, with 16 runs to spare, their score being 146, and that of the other side, 130. We are sorry we have not space for the score. We are glad to learn it is intended to form a Juvenile Cricket Club in this town. We cordially wish it succes8' ARCHERY.-The first prize meeting of the TenW Archery Club came off on Tuesday week. They were eS" tremely fortunate in the day, and the ground" thronged with the elite of the town and neighbourhood. e A. BALL was held on Monday the 2Hth uJt", at tb { Gate House Assembly Room, under the stewardship 0 Colonel Richards, Captain Bayley, C. Allen, ESqJ and Capt. Fitzroy. The attendance was numerous, an dancing was kept up with great spirit till three o'clock. CRICKET MATCH.-The first Cricket Match of the Sert son came off on the cricket ground, on the 28th u between the Tenby and Pembroke-dock cricket c'u^ The weather was delightful, the lookers on numero" g and the contest resulted in the Tenby club proving t winners, g CHURCH MISSIONS TO THE HEATHEN.-Sermons preached in the Church of St. Mary's, Tenby, on of the Church Missionary Society on Sunday, the ult., by the Rev. G. W. Chamberlain, incumbent of James', Cheltenham. He touched upbn the varied see of the society's operations in lengthened discourses, c<? js eluding by appealing to the Christian liberality t^e hearerS. On Monday a public meeting was held tj,6 same purpose, which wa3 well attended. The rector, 0 Rev. G. Clark, local secretary of the Society, occupied „r chair. The Rcctor opened the proceedings with p',ay.y( and the meeting was addressed by the Rev. G- 0<j Chamberlain, the Rev. G. N. Smith, of Gumfreston, g the Rev. Mr D'Arcy, curate of St Mary's. The collect" were as follows:-Morning service £ 18 5s, evening £ 7 13s 7d, meeting £ 6 2s-total £ 32 0s 8d. This res might be deemed satisfactory. 
On Monday last, a match was played here between the Usk Juvenile Club and theCaerleon Club, when the youngsters sustained a defeat, as the fruits of their presumption. It however redounds to their credit that the Caerleon men had to obtain as- sistance from Newport. We have not space for the score furnished. The totals were Caerleon, 1st in- nings, 54 2nd ditto, 95-total, 149. Juveniles, 1st innings, 28; 2nd ditto, 38-total 66. Majority in favor of the men, 83.
The return match between eleven of the town club, and eleven sergeants of the 13th depot battalion, was played on Saturday week, on the military cricket ground, Llanion the weather was exceedingly fine, and a goodly number of persons were present. The'town went in first, and afier some care- ful play scored 57. The garrison then had their innings, but were rather unfortunate in their play as they only made 17 runs. The town again went to the wickets. and scored 43, making a total of 100, thus leaving the garrison 84 runs to make in their SOCOD;! innings t,) make a win but they only scored 41, leaving the town club the victory again by 42. The town club has improved much of late, yet their fielding was rather loose the bowling of Messrs R. Morris and J. Griffiths, on the town side, was very destructive. A splendid luncheon Was laid out in a military marquee on the ground, which Was provided by the Sergeants' Mess, the catering of the Mess Master, Sergeant Tuck, giving universal satis- faction. 
The return match was played between the Chepstow and Bedminster Clubs, on the Bedminster ground, on the 28th of August, and resulted in favor of the Chepstow by the first innings. The weather was not very promising in the morning, but about one o'clock it cleared off, and the sun shone out brightly. The game was very well contested, and both sides played admirably. For the Bedminster, Messrs. Bramhall and Pillinger ren- dered great service, both in batting and bowling; whilst for the Chepstow, Messrs. Morgan, Streatfeild, H. Ivins, W. and R. Hewlett, were the principal contributors to the score. The following are the totals Chepstow, 1st innings, 101; 2nd innings (4 wickets down), 51. Bedminster, 1st innings, 68. 
Our attention has been called to some few inaccuracies in ihe batting averages of the Abergavenny Cricket Club, as inserted in our columns last week, arising from the averages being drawn from the FULL number of innings whereas, we understand, that according to the authorities on such matters, the not outs should be omitted, and the average taken upon the number of innings only where the player is actually out. According to this mode of calculation, the corrected averages of runs per innings areas follows: TOWN CLUB.-G. W. Jones, 35i; G. J. A. Peake, 26t; G. Levick, 16 £ J. 4 2 2 Kosher, llf; J. Smith, 8i; D. Watkins. 7f, H. F. Durn- ford, 7^; J. Bigglestone, 5. GRAMMAR SCHOOL CLUA. -H. F. Durnford, 22; W. Williams, 13; J. Williams. 4 T. L. Evans, 2. 
